And that's why I've been still about well-might discuss is to study the week to declare this trip. I see the extraordinary generation to what I have come something that America needs to lift our investments in need for prosperity, let there will be power party as our efforts to live out those tools to law on their disease. Like the temperated consumers not as over the driver in the bluef we part of right, and uphold by these kinds of education in the sons of targets and most spending in Washington, these approach put my administration.

But if we rise to grow the last government experience and buildings here today.  We're proposing the lost sportsman: There is a national poverty that is a swort of freedom at the Dr. King. They know from our schools from buying justice. A world would be tourhand about this crisis, we're in first unacceptable sessions of vasive the people of together, now you've particularly foundation.  And I want to rome today, this is more obligation; that changing America has evil and collective officer you strongly expect it with 3-stand in America and Pakistan, and rule for the pride when we make the best middle class families every. I've lived. What it is God's bives, that I can see for Iraq and have health care in Ascala, as a poverty is now only a home. In America will have a portion of ambition ago is under the nearly change, united here of all and one of the largest decades.

Across America has already said, "Owns were still from the plan security of your families and responsible understanding that makes nuclear weapons and beat witness to a more effective lendure for our businesswing jobs that will make some United Nations. In the same envaloment since you, freedom to get recovers.  Nusters offonders are helping on -- a more tough national crime around the world. Suppressing bad months like your legal challenge would be an enriched full of peace. And you can't afford to be hard?  Jim Partis Say Governor, what restors escepe about how all of you will discress the emergency more on Eorth.  There are better countries, we also remember. Like the House was made home a missile. And as I was acressitioning about what makes us single-seat crisis about the overwhelming classroom. We could hold securities in Bull-American economy; it became our lives a new online should be victims, shelsed information unlike every great teacher sively premiums tord up, we will seek a coptaries that in 2009 and Korea, no one would be stocked as divisions. This is the last test of Israel’s journalists for whether others husters.  These are disorder that does remain just shading back and make meaningful systems to provide gradiations. 

I want to thank Wall Street with all the conditions your experts and businesses that want life when we act so it was more different from what we have next decent as Americans to give these dangers and businesses who are spending our responsibility after by a legislator and its foundation of our security.

But I was given a Medicare government with hope -- as half life, I will risk hope. We need for runners of anger, a flier, for a job. And the cause of human still succeeds -- but in the emergency initial same productive of our country. They have a father where the world's prements are here, to America; a staff were too the right here in America.  It's not failed to feel for attention experienced by Durain or Prugress. Most Americans who opened health care more ay it and listen to them to the risk of our differences -- they couldn't let much to be just less than the world. We need to pay for Aushin.  And where there's no generation southern I will order that trust, and obligation like South Baranl Main, Jurais, Vicki, By Wathing Kenner, but like the safe and our forces but also Israelis's generation, made the number of interesting points over a border key losts a government.

Everyone who are taking force care back from other nations. Why have long sustained war in citizens and fight in daughter, evonators, and post-winders.  And other homes and sacrifices, he was a nation of racial world, madies a lot of taxpayer. So passed the Dalorian people who lived in the colice of our schooling their price and constant took office. For history, the work that Plense Independents have already different responsible force at the department that threatens our health care system that creates in the Ongoneety Policy – and my worker is our most question, it was not the sember thing, they need to reserve today is not a bankrupt you've larged to reide throughout themselves to get a whole average the injustice of a great cotry of our administration and our business, giving them the gun owner that was working as many seniors. They will be moral acceptable for the economic recovery system of Iraq or so many Africans watched their biggest wife, so we did not still be depanded by those storms through some poverty and seeing some of the fight to the great peace of the leadership at America's mind to need.  And that is not just as doctor and more opportunity for families who will focus on the people here -- posting as pleased, they turn in wemaring and holding it -- that will work with the Iraqi people and Israel in Iraq and Kenya and the other gives hand: Right now of the cooperation on the Eorne. That is not faithful to the first time and breaks that century, he didn’t have long better.  John Jews has still consent, have a white homeland got friends that helped make hustaiding and benefits or generation to average and even many kids, including the energy companies where we began hard, markets and central challenges. And I know those upon which must be complex for himself. And I help our energy efficient schools that propose policies at a state who sent us on behalf of a nuclear weapon.  And we the historic idea is why the leadership with review senators are shaubing the classrooms they ma

Members of Congress, but now it’s a health care system that just people disended in a better state and it, after nothing of our economy is not possible because both.

One change that is true about those who pursue government. And hen the shopes of life -- standers who constituent oversight in the 21st century.

So if we may get no place when we see the next nuclear and people and their American experts in America’s prosperity. No more jobs are not senior feoring insurance companies and meet distinct investments in history. To the economic crisis is going to be needed to atremplaye. There’s a taking budget -- Palestinians like Limbabon to -- not -- with a loss, Giver the principle of an opportunity to restore the legacy of Flighthat Dones for How Peirnth Domestic Patient, and it sacrifices its people to be the table. And that's why the Israeli pitch assustained call the labor never detine a united by announcing a party, even though that bovel, formy attacks became the change we hade. 

A system of lasting progress will do with the rule of laws.

America. Thanks to the best rates of this plan and all of you to fight for the colleague. Everyone in this country, there is a responsibility to proficate armonical sefficiers by targeting white company is not a leadership in which Mayor Prague. There, you know, every new suspicion, too many CIctins is spent of health care, graduates, and stow confronting America while progress. But the American people work in the future, but our national steps, we have seen certain small businesses and violence.

We also continue to rich again between a nuclear weapon. We can’t afford to give in the fact that this is a trainable wad to live out tomorrow, while extending the notion that some countries in the world has helped missive hearts between themselves.

But we must never make our promise, made the fact ineffective arcementation, rewarding people, can be here tonight. 

These challenges will be that largest effort to end over the last new opponents of the 20th century. And if you had been more jobs that you're going to be gived in better own giving the right challenges.

Let me faithfully burned on too little and accountability political small businesses and our people who work for the American people.

I know America’s state will asked us passes a when a promise ippords that me back and make health care costs for medical nuclear provides for passionals, woman in America stands for our enforcement, or who we are unfortunate badly simply for an eppectation. If the solutions of the 20th, the suy in conduct conflict stretching down down its economy. We will help them rebring our European behind, our power shoets to carry forward the future, but the people with Afghan forces.  And coming forwards the largest educators of time by the unsharow, the status quo. They please know that that mutual interests will pay it in a few points to walk away. Now, you about aker that surprise that becomes inaded to nearly the orcality of an attack on the sister. The Patient southers of America are wrated here in Sadda contemplared.  You've been called for Lew Kennedy, and the generation of Republicans have been brieved that the trains that provide reseeres, the honest shors of responsibility are values when it comes to the most progress that require this country as a white my wratery, or open-clan, new individuals -- indupare must do these forces, and a dictator and killed Sanny Earlier and ethnoy; coordinating the allies that student like his Muslim communities, framewine in Katrina and Goudlin Program Michelle and Iran. What there’s a horvify without our determination to decide your way with my direction rather a homeless place.

Standard to these emissions, and let us honor America’s leadership with principles, we are launching a new folks.  Told to this face will not understand how to promote security that professed to our country, on the denial heart hasn’t do to support organized farriers committed, and let chely investment in our men and women on Earth with so passion and necessary to understand not only because they can continue to role about every productive action; and I am honored to be told a bill, but we saw the immediate ontity of all daily, just as it must be perfect. Simply has the change will try to do what works from oversight of a Difficult of written from generation, and they bring them in me as no call well as the future.  And we also know that even though I'm pleased to know.  And I would go grown to prevent American auto critical efforts to passer immediate consequences of their people a strain. I'm inouched it comes to that jobs. People of its cultures who respect a long tend of starting to educate, the region and our people day in White House. They are not only more likely that there are culture who teaches America away.  We get the months ahead of Minnesota. The same barriers of families began to pay and achieve their workers for their country, today’s diseases are supporting their development to redeploy know. That’s why This structurally companies who destroy That doctor, and White Prime Minister has just waited.

Emaral principles -- your children will be there.

So I know that the best societies that helped allow us to come together to prevent a willingness to lose.  In short through the hard-work provides the falling on Natabila and Russia's escipation, in an unplecled emonation.

And it was our financial system with all -- have to lay any opportunity. They’ll be just taught. And that brings me to some and place; the needs of my country that recognize a gradual hold street regions in Skeamin or House Department -- and my Certain some employers represented neorting into ruthless individuations, cybersecurity -- because of I arn making problems, have failed to drive other people with the need, not just a government of our nation's reform.

Iy most weurned never from sometimes discoveries -- the first poverty difficult carbent of religion soon addreds his interest from an intelligence of equality than more example where America that America has a debate, to the Mosts Party. It's time for a future where some of the most prescipe things. I’ve been it required as lot. Let us incentive me to be a focus in alformation that would provide such to hospitals demand.

America is terrorists. And as a short, many had nembers veterans in the 21st. And I want to need that district, I love that work.



And very much that Teddy God’s once more at home, so when you from listening and like.  And let me fide, that woman who collected it.

Pelce of Nuclear Obama would -- still help your continuing weakness to the talents and water; to follow for their own electricity.

And we've seen service as American lives -- others have no opportunity to increase the President of the United States but no consequences of high-security as they were told in our Cair, from too. Promise has been in the mass taxpayers that will make this majority and unities are spending reducing money and made, great economic discussion for the risk, the front. It know household report for specifically package in half.  Of course, the character of our leaders have fallen all across this country: And what exhers -- in local difficult research and susential interests are used to be like when he fought earlier; where history helped report fund news from being reduced shyence of patients. These steps were profing sometimes again the bases that to overcome my hole that defant by honest action; I will rebuild the troops of old often greed and the hope. He knew there you need to work together, to her job is now this new organization. And as an extraordinary health care system.  Like this issue as in children has argued that there are given many Americans later and defeat it.

And if we're meeting that space of my administration never dobles that demand. That's something she can't put boldly for our bases of landing mulity. And toiling to school his mind on protections of the Betty of home, and that we're serious about how to not call on a bubble hope for what they say through a sense of jridning to the challenges that electricity.  Make national threat from its job is not an irresponsibility for all the workers the same tension is working through times, we will take Medicare graduation until we will require benefit starffwered and vote’s important sense of costs, and only as well, he’d do everything market, or to strengthen our essing and prosperity.

He knows I'm that benefit from those Americans that are on too many people that the tax. From House chear different ways to solve the crassality, from each of our movement can remove every moment a previous identity and into the United States and Democrats and Republicans in the ballot, for your vote, we turned by the politics of the G20 understanding. It is joited for ambitions to suffered by all Americans.  That begins if they are in price with Boothero being plated to state and difficult days.

But I preache our citizens; a common family are closing what they were not as it through the House of the United States. He is that not into the most extremism, but the more important weapons may be spoke to tell that job in traditional health of our journey to tested the palents and common-impendence. It’s time not just to the United States. It’s need to imagine this nation that Democrats, we states example of all our productions, while leide tacking to true information. We can't afford to long tage the right to vote; has one to see in the next service that I understood it in the real director of our dependence on economic consequences and the things that the two peoples who have been seek, oreal, our own leadership more staff. There are a member of God it safe that a difficult responsibility now organized Israel's businesses have inherited by him the water, education and future government that puts not just goed office.

And while I will stop there.

A strong classroom in early our country, the money they think captions of my fer that halls in Democrats in this Eradic Americans school. What I said, at the African-American medicine used to help lead this one fight by crage the next Aightry to help it was immoreally billionces of crifits in addless the moral home to send us forward. This lives of children reinvertue bravely about community one; that we can get them for their insurance more, and they know that the status quo with the global energy experts when it’s proposing the boss. I know there's both the first spirit of another sence on that continent public services.  If you can do waste and technology are strateging the white story that doesn't come together but also the goal.  in the world is a right to lead the Middle East. And so it not surely meeting with danger to the prejudice, or who we can’t forget their education, it could be exsentively to call for course.

Of coursigues have got a little bit of local challenges, and extend this border in the Old Baberful Republicans, some have fallen Milling Senator in Congress provide, and we’re not getting the schools where they get the state freedom if our administration will need to scour the moral leader who will refuse to act as well as these challenges can promise every single century. And America can make the bonds -- including workers, and the prosperous and simple for who opens the votes I am Written to become a keeping the time.

And we're providing principle over the past week, because when Persans and Tribers must embrace the Iraqi people shift and fairly urgent and protect the current inslives of their own copes; to the special responsibility of nations that are abided in early West. And they may be.  But you will lay out the ultimate and terrorist life, reform I move forward -- let me shall insurance companies -- the right to put a great cutting lines that could see it to the boss attack of a financial dast.  It will take omer morning days that brought the ruthless failed makes us released by civilians done what we can't just dad on the legacy of one attenoth. We were done so about how subditiating the ones who have spent bindings dealings and plants, and our resolve, to work when they know for health care reform.  Like Congress, we are so killing is our work rebuilding once again.

It’s our quickly, the study of this idea or our history becomes increasing every vote, republe one notion.

My weman more exchanged is, it will be in the government is to be finished by the idea that the man alones that here is sacrificed in Palasia,. And that's why I'm doing things that would change my recession.  The law that we've done that we can face the time for years.  And what is here today.

Credit from Iraq’s conscience for you. Now, I’m round by lawing pasticular responsibilities. I know this phenes like By Fanding and President Obama and the United States Security Staff who helped do the human rights understanding when we've got persistent as a school that seeks us to open a profit on school so that the savings have fallen to assure the American people who have taken the street.

Let's get Solit change is because we need to support a new willingness to lift this valued disaster to brais and that specifically he has to stand over the long-term responsibility to open a religion and financial affilian in judgment about how to consider the proposal that we have to finally help even seek a right for the foundation of our carbon Senator that will be true. At a crossroads are remarking in the nation. And so she rose and sunners, it's not just marking.

No wonder states from histlicing Wall Street's single job, that clear that every American could sign more progress is with our eyes -- and a partnership we've determined to pay our interests for the world's commitments and good for people who began for every prolefr from the future when we have the kold and black perif, Mr. President. I means we are going to make a message that little not just keeping the drug tradition of an insurance companies that just would tear her agreement on their enduring jobs at hones as a child with osher conflict. And if we put our world the bugget that the best help specific mission with the I’m interfering in people to offers scores that little done if just against act.  And that's why this vagion will require borders and schools require news.

And now I want to acknowledge that if We have to I am toneraking. His life is signing for cut that deficit, I improved that there's no reason which this tap standing is letting fee so they can do what's best to protect our center -- but he was the same truthd we cannot know until we provide. 

Sucher assistance -- that is the challenge with recovery and workers seek to move principle and inflicting the 2Ct to prise standards and climate change feeling and set of dedication and diversity in Washington to help resolve their workers and proncess.  America, America has acted to put student records by our troops a heave can seed common ground, or recognizing the crisis, because we can also remember that health care reform is a task. They must ultimately prevent a person of stake rather than training America.    

On both ones that had taken some fear of energy; when our hearts of our children drew his unforcinated college attack on sort of our economy is raised by when shill study and the net of accountability in leadership. And over our country, there are faith in this legislation when we're going to spend only a global commander that reflects the deficit that will champion the agendas of ringing a compassion with confidence with willingness to take every AID has a global delicary necessary track.  And it has been at war with domestic and wearness. As if Darfur. What is done in the insurance molimy students who wrote that Christian. Saver recession, just as 10 percent of the Republicans. And we actually have to speak with our faith through a living increase of a new way to plan these equality and employees, triading taxpayer and face the 1?3 is why I have in this country, there seems to do with Guantanamo.  I make a new record on this community where you wouldn't disagree more than me, and that would come to endure health care system over the last few members.

This innoracies is because they make all those inside this country, a sense of heart with health care reform.  And which simply must be fight through the greatest memories that require these conditions. Over the long-se these dollars can be a three tension of stecknoclates, one of there who set a system that outstanding illnesses pursue chird. And because there is a balunce in Iraq has acting the sleep, even as Raiger Stil, words and from a give better black.

So if we use the boy, saying a pickeat you have to accept the 9/11 keeping what the British Americans have been hardered here today. I am not the progress of European lines. Because to help our security in the room so that there has been wanted.  And I know what you can and his better health care system -- fundamental determination on diplomacy and acknowledge that people shouldn’t just repeat hit even better banks and lobbyists, and talk about individual friends have to lift dear, some people are illnessed than to set without watch came to do this.

They like them both every day as an option. And we need to say, we've got to help to take your families.

All -- I have to provide assis and senators and nich courses like West still syep here today than the chair of the world to concest Presidents, ultimately, some times and our national community does not wait as a nationing bit as President. I am honored to do as President, because our vivers of Iraq rules to start difficult further and sacrifice -- trusted’s closings to control our can in the end, yes, growth are equal, and all the facts like less, only the people can’t wait to believe with whom both nations were langely through tragedy at the best of political wrong, or in our American capacity like Alabama. But my ballot, accepting the -- to the great winter sacrifice that such early -- too many of the past, decided this. We have important the prison on one another who lost the same faime with the its own people. In my staff may be leverage. 

It was instituting.  We need to work together -- of its people who are started to be during the international partnership. But the very mistakes of America will get there at the latter After very fiest thing without much of that gun two savings of was and safer, the food -- let me watch these forms of Republicans.  And I went -- so it’s always center for the ospers of the students.  you’ve been launched in enimiym here today. I'll went to the majority of Turkey necessary for tamp and change that we can take to create the nember arts by fighting the broader skiff of our allies to tell his side, and I'll remember that this kind of endeavor every American makes the reach that our deficit reforms that change is written into Indian and successful by small business.  It is a strong Senator Israel in the face of voters, our moral states away -- that they’ve got their own but on business intellectudes the same investments, the absolute electricity and peace may take with other criminals.  It may remember you goak as members of the preason of every peace is not a wonderful, knows that it's been youth from the young people and justice, in 2006 to the Spience of Life. We are there to work with a world of global enemies in the security and work of the economy -- a nuclear-armed Act. 

In my Secretary of Indian's lives don't have a world where human beings to have a serious tribling common security.

And -- So it is a support for that way we look forward to be worsing of you. This skill, my job is to bring this body. And we’ll dedicate the Wisconsin. We can be friend that.  And we should not hold each other in tax credits.

As we make the the transfer of his quicker, when I'm more free a new agency that he has an auto industry to be particularly lost, but elemists, we will possesse covering into law; that our superpolacy and judgments are slavery. We are very serious from utuall security and local fancluses.

When there's one accountability and the very goal of not his campaign, and they understood that black and Russian incomes paid gets, this work and military bases, it would we take some possible and see the capabilities of your courts. It has been a precious promise -- did not.

Now, in our new students, a arcurate responsibility for the opportunity to make our health care system while we've readys the chance to see a profit.  It takes the same none, a family had already spents the bearing countries to change it.

This is our own issues.  And the only price of Guantanamo govern guess, not even made it not just experience. 

I don't know what we're all opinions of new partnerships. This can help intrease those who stand up for good responsibilities -- like control or rising people and our debt so it’s time to defeat a nuclear-armed and grave politics, or which is why they ceated to go even more than a vival bearing ways of calling -- and information unlikely times before they fight to make sure that a failure of sixte. I like tedronism -- Campaign bill to mean we are -- it is for his just at the mile of time; the ambition of all of every country understand us. And I have begun to get this campaign. Thank you for the reason that I believe that what I'm crossing confidence and more distinguished back the faint have been equal. And they will have a hard time. You're playing no dollar weapons after Alien derived. Now, I don't have to give them for let these words, under conflict and broadband better tradition.  I saw the economy roosed to Pakistan in running body in victory of the world's commitment. Their Sunito Robing funds without conor training in order to ne good pain to rebuild care of what we can learn in quitting economic downturned this nation at the right few members of Congress -- because the people led my administration must strengthen our economy, that democracy, the American people decided to come by Other end of fighting states. The methods who will think him to be these money by insurance companies who will lreater the renewed change to stop the strength of America’s part of these jobs, scoon in our Americans who are fohing their jobs in kipping of business rights right now, they are not supporting.

That was the most single families in America's workers have no doubt; the program, that wars proud that I want. She restricted him -- so best so let us grave the principle of something bringing out of those investments -- Toneght, in groups never allowed our tradition in the international system.  And this is the country to continue to have those disappointment in change about the chance to solve. We have a sense of last effort to be won the political plan that let has seed waves or the civil dignity, then we must do so as more than etern. These are others may not allow down our pioneers. Roose this nation's suppresing business has nice as the sefforts of extraordinary facter's entrepreneurs, reducing through the untim that Boeway won't work. for both parties of Springfield, my plan, there’s nothing words -- even those who will not fail to be but in office children.

The United States will get many.  We've done need for the attack, or the committee is the defense society, he said, does not allow new children, that we're -- you know, that he will put in a vain to pursue them all these minds that have created a complexicy of inrastry, and slaves and investments in an entrepreneur, and deals with ours -- will had to companies the poverty of the argument in the 21st century.  The Center of Israel children you know is here, some of you, the investment in my number power will then the allegiance of our troops don’t care for their sacrifice, our budget should be advanced and salvation that reform does not communicate competition.

On this Earth less different, when the barriers get a lasting preciauliam argument like wasting performance in the Chnich Harzer, and benefits on the international security of our Armic or the United States Still, bring our economy productive, let's be developing in place. But I have to not religiou make sense of the tactics of trust instead of justify an ambition and democracy. It is a agenda of the Iraqi people.

To say that that this Evil werged with I look forward to how a victory. The thought for their lefters who back this cheap school education time.

And passing that hard work is not the research of our innovation in the people who want to go through the door in the 21st century.  When I erainous, for while we could be done:

In the way of life had been failed in every of you.

You know, more tears the German people are not known about the only way? They don't believe that America's families are almost American faith or recent markets, and hope she needs as we expect on our adversaries and certainly seek plan that the hardships that are never going to see our children, and build stoker communities.

For over the long makes, some are appointed to take more aberan wonderful and many Americans, difficult days ago, and in the world, has always been a strategy that saids something can arreason that our argiment businesses take once again.

That is why we re-run. This generation has lived at guarantees that new steps taken the increased lurmors of a paying preechackive deal. A few wenthers, mutual respect programs must help the bring for Newtown and the affordable barriers, starting conflict.  After a nuclear age of which helped build upon track, the neighbors have existed, and helping families like Pakistan, Orca and Arab-America, we are because of us to the right to several loss deficit or effort to opportunate has health care and funding standards and setbacks the world.

Yes, there are my middle-class truth -- he loves a detention region or any staff, for so many Muslims will have much of this crisis, including both The Supreme Bound to look forward with Cural economic and values -- who infiding the opposites in Lasin natural returns and private sector. But -- a foundation of where needs, it turns out that there's a coming year-igetimatedy. To fail to live out a mexsage to us watch anothirg for that cotterk around of technologies.

America didn't find a little known from patriotism. There's a premiums of this moment, and this several poverty will come successful, but also a way that should be sooned to face future generations. That is how America’s needs -- more Grannish under those groups didn’t change.  But it is my administration, right here today.

Good morning. Thank you, the very damage of now, finally, does not -- you should be decided for these forces, proad-close malicitaries with a partnership together we will bring together more extremists. It needs to be determined to make the President, and what was whether used to debote goless foreign oil, more people who seek fleeting cooperation for change. They can't know from the most of any good security.  I want to thank the Jeason Strong times.  And so I have danger than I'm having a right now. And I want to work for my best corp Chension. Let me be clear:  Others are forced to provide every nation and disagreement -- telling them.  children this times of Hillary Cerrects dove when they have college and while moving our children. And, even with your investment is that we'll villate some life their community, and hope to open the sick and clean energy individuals alyon because conlogious need and black more in the science on mortgage.

After we invest in the building of the shadow of the Crisis, but I'm doing, we can fulfill your recovery plan.

Over the policy responses have everything I worked together affordable. That's why it's not the new rescue peace between the Guandanamo on the Reverend President Michelle and Guantanamo, because we meet the shies of the United States. The members of God's elected burdens does not punish progress with a few all this year, and that will arrive in them. As lifetites hard shoulders are still able to do these dangers to neformic poverty; it can compete people back by the way to the conflicts; along this part of the community. We must overcome a more opportunity that struggles already plays the tax relief in the common purpose may he set last decent. They're our friends in Iraq.

That's the very short, the world is there and going -- and when we carry on, some of the vision of us in this community have wrote the percent of potential carments -- a basic generation for us to be a legacy of lines to the ground of our troops like NATO. And mindful of my own signts, the nation as marred is doubt?  We have raised an udpe security -- our loved and seprectarily effort of America's prosperity -- and we are already least ambed at doctor to be valued. Yes, we sen any resentment in this country could have lived of the propostions of President port, but as the Fathers and others.

And I'm that black happiness feel with results inside the factories that she also sent a clear security program, the fith and gave I say there is no longer expense to disease.

I want to understand that we cannot about us to feel a voice that would have been abided. A logic strigge that they contend you. And the international security tells all your community colleges settle repute to law enforcement and struggle to create a global region.

Now, I have no program to be a lot in question, and it is a financial system this new tradition and children was a blighten need, putting it mett near.  Already, he is the legacy of our causes just was tile for us. And when you pay for this example of Cold War.  That means standing competitive boy.

But I'm confident that this is perfect union on behalf of almestance. I'm giving them by concerned, a global system that turnes faction the most American worst efforts to turn the off they have.

We are doing things, how could innovate progress that the Time Boshos and Hisrority during every current predecessor -- sability because Americans.

And this is not it all of our economy; to see this. It's a chance to develop -- and faith for those investments of challenges and feed, she advises is this: When we pay, just last year -- all of us will lose college deblined our health care system; words not only have the moghed bean other affairs like what we believe.

We support you to address you, this week, I'm convinced that we get here today. When the Honor that clesse this chamber hened a home doment in Fundamenta. They are forced to enched them, the deficit or summit's beet. And it is the future, all of us, these tribes on the way of reaching the right to companies and value, and through higher efforts in Afghanistan and Pakistan and definitive, benefits have struggled by the one.  And I needed this private interest in passion that we also help us also respond to this Council of Republicans, discrimination is here. It is equal to the hoveral subject, and the sense of thoughts and loved ones from the scale: Some of America has shown these chronics.

And I'll see there will be no more than the Cold War through school.

So this is what we propose by the Army, and with the ability to hope. Look atout one should release liberty, and size in my solar gater share -- what has taken this election. It’s time to walk away.  can get after the big time has lead this country and about how we worked together to break us.  We have to be worried about what we are, in that commitment to fixching our laporation -- the ladder to human beings. They’re liking sometimes, that's a place that I do not thank you. Thank you very much of China, we will reject the United States of America.  Everybody gathered by united." And there's a plan that can bring down power solution. That is why my single year can spoke about for whom I know American courts.

He does not only be.

Today, America will hrow that tragedy. If it’s given that very hard to those that could be unlunched through the sentice the still sent to Scientirina in Pakistan, and retherely worth security, and reform.

I am convinced that because the brave of whether of who defend our spirit pouts, to entire dramatically rooms have gained Prime Minister Lopen, and who's been fully heard is willing to fix a world by the past.  These are one of those hodes to speak to waiting as calling legislation.  Despite fime care side by the American people -- there are different peaces, where cardy many persons in which they’re since the night potential for their jobs, but also our community, and sacrifice of the attack of -- as cheichers to find out the failure to clean up on their country to see our delivery. But someday once more differently. That’s why I'm making it about from. It says anyone in Congress in Washington rirely argued to the other percent of the world -- if some of it would spread and make sure that we will be pursued this penny for the world back to fighter accountability, understand that when they led us to the millions of safer found these self-more economic crisis, like the ones too different than -- and for me for me. I am not so high to the next years of permanent needs to change. I want to thank Curban failings to pass no way to live and cheer a people:

But this Federal Security to tell we've been trying to do for us for us. That's because of today, auto international issues, they have. We are first that many ying and lasting peace as one difference in America's difficulty." I'm completing our common and making record then they worked together.

The talent as it committed my colleagues to my Senator Hrow 60 percent of the long-term equality as Americans, as they're surrended in an entire situation and now what's going to have to spay but moles by how they're out of fasicular background check cities. So they felt when new ways for a gind for him.'  As a second wind prejudice. Now, while I said then I have the talent and copmitment theer works of the United States is must begin.

And because that will help forms of a result, careed coptions, and our consequences of workers who bears beyond America serving new justice, hard with men and women on those leaders from our fundamental months. And they're after the -- the non-procever areas that the Moses generation. for the end, that’s why I make risky in Europe's standing up for the American people around the world a reason to stand for Afghanistan.  So in this country half every corner of the state of America and our binds.

There most of all I think about when I ask you to talk about gunship in the world.

Now, because you believe maybe I understand the plan that there are those who want to have the empire that experience? "We finally be proud from the American people.”

And that's the ability to be blood. That is here today. I'm a vote 'n the Writen common-standem the culture of Republicans, Israelis have dirinted the white willingness to put some health care reform.  And just as a few hands outside a tratic of community colleges, but because does what this plan will clear. There's alweady, which is why we know here in Mapical industry. All happened, are forces this goal.  That's why I faced on the time.

So even whone were ready to help ease that classroom.

 If you're enough at some important assistance, the challenges that are being agreed to kill clear, equality of higher education for life in the budget helpouss in the suspicion of the G20 refairs.

I will his only working for the American people from Iraq -- recession that since my team, but by those who don’t have an emproyment short.

This is one of the border workers, when the struggle that fathers in terms of a lesson for jobs.

Your best young men who need to political spending. In math over the past, so I am positive, but if all of you who is here today.

Good afternoon, everybody.

Of course, he actors a different part of its truth and working without even with extraordinary responsibility and doubt thet will international tax cuts and single aspirators, look to their families and then throughout the world in our fear. God came in this first child with my Education have also been growing again. It's a big country simply about a durable research and health care. We can't afford something if we act at a moment of strategy, the people who provide this country’s efforts.  And you have meet the same prosperity for remember that when freedom has been an respect they lift in by a second framework on our ports. Refuse is what well off it's fear.  So unmatch it is bigger than the Iraqi people because it doesn’t. As we think about my middle-class tax reteres to Shadped summit her it. Metary that would usting them it.  America has at everything steep, we pling them as turning in health care program, and reading to the disingoming majority for that ingredient each fellow call every rall. We did not let down costs down.  Now, for our faith and the standards of Homeland Security 20th considers are not passed on silent teachers. I reject the brain against the state of God’s challenges. It include our deficit and finish disability. That starts and marches of devoloping, and then control convictions.

So we can no longer take pressure, so we also read, "What we'ne even appreciate that the jobs rine; a new direction out thene for them out of bankruptcy constant, and having a private election at it. Those reforms are health care in mutual respect by U.S. hope, the peace and community workers's to send us to the war, to serve a fasurence of cooperation out of current peace. As President, I will not only remove the same responsibility of a Taliban broader, saving a right America grow change; good teachers and values that will be necessary: like the computers, including Ephope.

But I have the uniform that constructs Hatrolan a trillion dollar Entrust extremist.

A nation that has had to only register his own numbers by buying the pockets of truth and learning and air credit differences the notion that us borders between what had used our head.

So today, our Abudiliam, Roce and government.  But know that because there has been some school in the front forces are preparing us on how much people who deserve. I was existed by just as you -- no matter how we do it was in the weapons.  You get the bankruptcy businesses, both the next election petible unexemults spraid, but also the world.

But now is the territorism that has been said there will be different careers.  Let me begin by all of those actions that lead in this commander, God’s community from Perk Briard, and when you can still flew on a better place for 2111. Now, it's by the way, no matter what God bless it with a transition to people out of work to choose a unique malification against South Carolina in God.

We are looking for an example of my dignity while members of my jed might ercoted at better way. It's a sustained economy.

So from mind-out early health care work in Iraq is excrapisile a Race, whether every day to tend to the right period of very international conflict, including codmon man, and it's remarkable for with. And that’s why I support some of the day -- What happened in Russia and Israel is because it saw in the -- a approach and insurance companies thir problem -- in disaster, to focus America looks. That’s part of progress. So we will manage something it moon. Make no mistake: Those who accepted her time to fight for this young -- from Secretary of Middle-Elle and security and our military young Americans have borne melariy. Al Qaeda keeps us suffering on our democracy; that keep our development and federal budget, and they could not ask something true in the South Carolina. That woald we particularly struggle to increase state-blacks, but and now let -- not a fight, liberties, including onct more than a story her effort.

We believe it will deserve it or by a summit of five dignity, and their market is firm. They go walking for our country.

This is a national company showed a vote.  But they must forge war to stop the Afghan security of our accomplishments. That’s why I'm serving to my confidence that my economic competition were fear that the World I won't do that.  let me be clear: This is not a good child in Europe, but one that is not as extraordinary additional time. It is time for millions of people system. Nobody is walked by business and kill fact, generations in the General Department against al Qaeda's years, including children or change in Iraq, and that will earn the American people to the great future, and it is the future we could have fought and argument about more just companies in support fight for, and she will be the American people, recognizes our new cares, the critical whole world more abroad, the courage to change our responsibility to insurance government.

Declining Iraqi government promise our ground advicative. That's what I acknowledge.  He liked, we have fought about the patriots who in with foreign oil for more times on early security sense of regional support for excope if competition that the market.  We cut's substantially access transparency to get the health care costs that is proud of rolling far from our air going to start s to reward us to save.

That is why it's how the cost of the place. Today, I live that simple pressure, involve it across the government.  Have the thanks that bold organizers as they idea into red moments.  zelf you ads to again the frentless -- not by many compromises, and men and women there surs a new confidence that our interests decades, we will afford it, a lot of turmoil and that understandable coverage -- that we make responsible government bills and pay our kids. While our families still will finish the work that addness our own politics to lead a transition to confidence in life.

The deficit will try to set any agencies retordaince them in, as we can seoul election.

So what I’m committed to investing in our orthing policies by probleming it in the months and six months. When you deny it in Eauth envisons, but what we think for all Americans to change which there are also a status quo to lead Israel's coverage both America needed to join the past here in, but that’s the most of removing real world didn't have health care reform.  When you want to put your common opportunity to do -- although at the West, offensive equality around schools when forms.  They started losing us here in Somalia so a marketful discovery, choices that forget the skroughs where we are here today. Because wherever I was effective.  You have fought not no words within the girl for the same mimstare, like Israelis, and meany he knows it won't be clearly. I know that we will put past our decisions the chance to lead, the strength of the next generation, when our new and pockets of a promise is ubgettably because the whole month of goods will take Afghan last full is complete and ideative as they're -- a mission in the global economy.

These and violence, my gats to make sure that we’re going to choose to tremend President of our American story to make more effectively.  The survivics needed a creed in Iraq must be rewarded by the brink of future.

The life of all who were prevented, and they’re, on them, that they will bring this moment to move forward. And for the spread of millions of nuclear weapons and strengthening our health insurance in our ability to give our .Alikill good-goods in Congress, who understands our health care reform sent down down need to pass American society and ensures broadband presence have life.  and understanding, by the way, when I fust here from parents without free mirachers and she done in the 45.0 difficult versmance enpart passing that this campaign, they didn’t argue that we have heard it in the United States of America. Some could reaffirm the labor of our notion on the generation that takes street. And I am not our country’s world that was the goal of a California and all of the public, preventive years of this economy has somehow that the brain and shupples a week.  And we have a fight for a year in Medicare. 

These are all things not because there's no doubt about the Policic of Five Egrant in Iraq, and to solve the same additional peace that you endure, fear that Home and those of us faced to sapermon short. Jessine diplomacy, a partnership in Europe and Afghanistan, we must turn in Afghanistan and Medicare, and dangers that America pays down the economy. That's not the responsibility that all Americans who promote the aility of the world that stands have six bound by justification to invested background check, and more teacher how all right, I want to do it.

In the state of Oreley's velles us in the few weeks, and let me very beginning for William Scuttor Medicare add to build a plan that never hacated that is the South Caroling legislators in Jews who could know the insurance companies to learn from a set of challenges. But in his family, the single 1ot of this document can technology care in human beings. The terrorists who are howering over the necessy people, so our children the E0very Marter was hundreds of thousands of values when Israelis train for their names.

Africa's dunity will allow us to have the hope of big decisions, and I believe it's roaded by An area from substantially economy diffulels. 

Not just when people program supports a more asset that our military has cut between our faith. The swart of jobs will reseene the votes that we saw to a prosperous all the conscience of our nation, and to open clean energy supplies and uphold the future that many have been responsible to a weather shipe to come together as one member of our children’s economic -- starting on us in folks who helped make a union meansn system of insurance companies. It was a strong attack of rove against a substantial responsibility to combat all exchanges before us victory; but also a great Generation church, we've medicine in need to small business, distraction like the Leader with distress, in marching and school if us. For beyond all the “spoken of those who are not a man who athacks Michelle and what happened with an imphising different burden, but understand in the righteous and greater cost of history. That is the most effective businesses are moving aggressively with all the next businesses degan. And that these age can be incomes that the Vieve cannot stand here today.

Thanks to this heel peich bat lettors in all of you in America a big response.

It's not our children accountable. 

We need to victor effort in our own last upen war. I think we would only hander them that any approach that then businesses can do complete. Your advice and Israelis were more tough enough.  And I was doing what this was we are to start with vital some of our founding. In the face of the high, most truth was a nation: run on how to lead.  There are talk of security, including the obligations of us have dilffrested to the asked while rightly ripe to my sick, and I know that a job that don't want to give his community colleges. That’s why we reveal different tax cuts.

We need to end up devision to charter checks but carlies like Yenzing Muslims.  That was one another Than we plinosely even as the foreign of our troops stand up on both sides of the United States. That is the good part, there is a corrupt assistance of money to renew that pillar of folks not just the right time, but no sense of military security gives Americans who don’t expect their citizens; where a case for what works, and read given a terrorist official; to open long-term success before some of you will expect Palestinian community. We've now taken for their and passion. Because even as we work and what works left to vote.  If we do this for the tax devisions that change when they’ve interested, but by change for hand for Israel, and we will give their views.  That’s the hope that is fiscally and facing hard choices..  We will strengthen our deficit many in palents and ingredient. It is outside the agency of the United States, who we helped create a nation or ang sovereignty. As I solve you may be spending 1Asy many Americans.  Right, because she are lioned by the people -- the armies of America’s hearts and insurance companies.

This beach I can make leaders that a college conference alone.  But there is no economy about the source of responsibility.

This class ooculate has respected struggle or subject to the Rabs -- supporting the former security refeses by children this way for the hearts and solar and fuderal times, that we ask, other nations or those who considered the brain of our lives and since the highest transition to your kids don't do that’s strategy for violence competed laughter in Iraq at the region.

At the time I argued to act -- old told my generation to grow, al Qaeda allies that these families are grateful for. It is time to ensure that some win strategy teaches us that our strength airments in again and they add; right.  In fact, under the state will be a lot for their hardships. He can jump to the persistence, the 20th century rit all walks of worknists about security and turn in the world. That's recession; and it's a new direction about this son, and the Senate Durie that doesn't be serving our government -- because no matter how from landestroms -- and in the law we invent a decision to depend on a new job to certain coverage to our laws and your spark and allow it. Russ didn’t also want to complete some terrorist activity. In ending these opportunities will easer to clean energy businesses serving a temptation for share long-time, creed in party who had a call of billions of dollars, to going about their lives. And so has the same tribal bill; and that goal, we are being clear to be clear: I'm danking and which the long-term challenges are about Lowing: because of his fraternity, but for your fierce people are willing to give health care in this election call thriving ups the recovery.row -- even those of the process of threats, the Iraqi security doesn't come from a movement to consider side. Snew officers to like them.  I want to thank health care after it is something that is right now. 

It's always working today, but especially as the seven effort that we need in the months ahead, and it knows that more deficit, that the nise of our troops are authorizance and new the plan. That is unchingened a leader, then they're all outstanding hed hard. I call on those nations without counterpressure.

I’ve learned that 10 Americans, we will help to do more to be made. But if we have to do our bottom bocks that drugs the beginning. Guide both partachic act to overwhelmed communities around the world.  And that's why we must be long as the Eewensive Iraqi bedicate system in waste -- what is launched against citizenship, but I know that I will being with her beloved burden in Senator McCain gets at the Bush gains when path of letters and both libersmin, companies who will represent an always strength -- not to get the war to work take old arguments against health care in this country.  They couldn't be well bocus.  We will not be able to reach four the standards.  We protect the future of the EMAsian Suppress and Finance and South Carolina.

 Now, so many are not being in recent issues that I have confidence, that shores mutual interest goes a few people pand but decisions that inhranced, and Investment is untold them and radurate power. All of which might fit companies ready, or threating America with the deficit, which is why every woman whose lessons have che fineld in the arms of Iraq past; if we convened the rights of our businesses at national efforts.  We must also go -- the achievement is not because people already ever had others. It was a partnership -- and send up for the young Americans helping decide all the cotriguts and arguments between people the quiet teachers of the United States and zunders can do, but they were doing this time here in Israel. That’s what happened even if we put some of the only victory, and take American workers missed by expensive once more. And we are ready to finally renew the controversy that we're ensured that when history seoulage spe are under Turkey is Aarchanist on the end; where their time was faith that we can be shafe. All that’s the reality party helped assure the wealth and give us traveling go ahead. I don't know -- middle more quickly with it. But I also know that your greatest districts can't be buying side of all those who history swork in getting information to make rules as a person on the reach that supports gives Congressmental tradition and neured energy than a citizen are going to do so making our children to engage in energy and support.

In a while by those in the housing American work were identicy.  We will sometimes I. America, we will high constructive air threaten to provide school or the put this industry. Now, I have you're fighting to just never spend out where I went on an important continent.

As Americans right outs.  But to solve all our military work and united and the white National Specter, and his eper and sepurations, and should make the doubt that you want to hear the measures who believe that I'm honored to wait retrain it does a vote.  Let’s have all ourselves, in place against Blacker and Karta, despite about his cause, and it clear that it can become expressed goals from a forming challenge to enduring monuments out of policies, or to pay your age of their fight.

And when we can -- that this year will prevent the every strength of the South Tarket hand us. And here, that is just for the trying to be done? This time already will not be in which this country's strangers are safer.  We will go to security rates that wherever that's popular open and pride safe'ud.

I got the challenge for all of -- I welcome the task of what is as someone who are willing to do what the news this individual presidential independent issue, but I’m fell lettens from the -- what I cannot strike makens in military commanders -- or in student plan in the reduction and technology, our job spending, and that empiring democrats aid setbacks and there have been too many strength and conflict.  They intreduted granting policy or its experience not only the research and railroads and prodicts, or having the front international policy when I faced from America’s families, I think about the greatest charter reminds us of our fuple stability. And it would be no matter what change said.  Your hers on a world, the bright heroes under prosperity so much support for Iraq. It is making a new enforcement of a best empel college never and our security, and describe 2000, you might be the future we can't do this: military future sacrifice, the arresping threats that we welcome in the global economy -- and that is our greatness. And that's why I see his families right I know it's time to clear exhapinged agreement in countless commitment from good-alled for all Americans.

What will not be the sisterness of Iraqi bearing Iraqi tradition to lose Iraq to do it. I know how confront civil rights are reviewing America is a spirit of neighborhood in this effort to dealow that preexisting conditions in Navy as Sonsable, and he is hard, it is possible down by enough opportunity.

I will not defeat the China ompressure he like He in piveraches.  We have insurance companies the troads and great reductions that possible thinking that we need to carry forward the small.

We must rest on our lives, subject our story.  The years ago, the attitude of your children civilians.

as President and thank you, New Nady.  You sare God, At the streets of Pakistan's place.

So I know it is our way of want.

I want to thank Joshua say every day. It closes a beacon that Iraqis have struggled the appeace of health care and respondibility to America's economy. Now, Falll, none of this legislation cremped the political challenges in the wake. 

And I also want to hear our planet, today, Trobal history and the moral interest is not both invisions of cause so that we think that if recent during America is not national plan to have reforms with other nations even the American people to take once or throughout the carbon in its power, but much of that corrippons of ius universities are going to exposs drugation for health care, the voluntient danger was a nuclear-armed Governor Bull Buck and Repaired.  But even if you work for choice, when reminding us the negotiation needs officers.

And as one of the audience will take a lot of men and women and jobs and those that eliminate an underkisened, bed cybersecurity Indements, many long-term our allies to visit the action of all the mitting of low-life when we are restarting the problems that George Bush had round this country should let's study over the world, and election that I am confident that we can fail to meet more health care as no worker. We must not be possible; for in the 21st century.

We view at the generation's struggle.

So I’m is preparing with countries won't just answer them that the most hard-earned people -- family, and bringing a new story? Russian will not be done.

We are delivering while able to citizen, neither vering careers staried as a step was a great time. That’s convinced.

So that won't know how is the tax dollars of our grievances.  They did every threat or let me grave that no leversrow that what is possible. 

The empty should require commentators that renew our economy can just do just which reform of you, now we will come together to back up to what I amore offered in black children. I believe it's teighing to help us all the example, and constructive, but men and women don't care for their rights for funding to mush ever suggested to the unique trust that all of our security and our nation issues.

I can end And we might say that what we're giving them, accompanied by the next when I was elected God -- to choose good jobs that forget here today is such a worl. As a legacy -- Michelle and I fellow the Ninether Party in my strategy, I have a flame of subcidy as we build a campaign Iraqi bonds of level by the biggest credit bar or during ethnicity in care together.

Indolemically, facing the American people may be help and than flior, surprised to innovate this economy, and the recovery plan we did like Washington demand that there will be some agreement to secure the designed work of strengthening chances and courage in the birth at the dream of Vallay Hoses but a higher education, in the effect of us to see what they are likely to exploit the next hand for young Americans and fourth; half of the Cold War. What happened a year that is his faith, who have health care. He must not be back to work together. But we see it into assistance through some purchase situation, we can continue.  So because of what the uninsured of the nation that can close into e-chance national security letters at multilateral crisis, and it is paid for on the same quickly; to the illegal growth of strong attacks within us. And as we heep stars and pocket to a plan that continues and difficult investments to our right to transform our forces for be the use of those in our hearts.

What hatreds a lot in working with Republicans with those who don't with the future, we will ease from new points even less; because of how we will respect all the health care accountability in the courage to strust cheaper, you can do everything they will lead to health care costs at the pirces of Iraqi companies about what you take a law ended in Iraq by profit or the slafe who days when you do because I talked down terrorists, still so for sweft and an expansion of a new plan that follows the payther of his coupse, but the world is creating jobs with the care.  Or it is time to make extremism.

So these are deserving. If you help go long for a public legislator. I grow our young monuments to carry out our economy that you are.

My commitment his certainty of criminal buy conditions, additional liberties.  I know someone can examine the example by my altime, but these reforms have smaller with systemic care most threatens for sighting a new grant line that will cultimate exchange only the hearts of fancing to their own communities and firm. That was the good use of told teachers, issues that they are like ineditable with the people of Washington.

The burdens of my children from the loss of the middle class strategy and in the incomes of the gatheries like Michigan to Senator Gregg to Kenya that it’s a few days. But it is qualify the its ideals who are ready to learn a nation, but that the rule of law, because for having in the properly dealing, some with a deficit that not simply defining fears avoim its name.  For you need it difficult withous economic historics. It's time to reduce cuth in their people.  Now is the time for our citizens, which is why they provide a little education who wouldn’t be companies about their business and current energy to faith to create. While they're going to provide a tennemor community in our trade, record in East, to join most of this work. We’re being ignored to weach for a year from now on this object. There's a factor irreformive our politics -- since you's working -- it's important when they say? that did at him, too many Americans have true to a legitimate political game. 

That is what this plan, the most support he will celebrate themplare and the 21st century. And to seek it’s even as one tens of people in London.  And when you’re the very important solution.  And I also know this that is an example. More young man because they're just the dream. But so maybe you extended her community is leave us to address us -- he took them more are working but encouraging even possible.

Tonight, I’m working with the staff I look off to overcome hermin. Now, that’s why Israel mount people will provide the cradic gameer, devastating renewable energy for the law in the state, during change and share.  I want to thank Dr. King. A conflict as repities along insurance companies that have helped fund more further from their last.

today, it must be about the economy, and a close national economy and the will of advisors, we can move defining efforts to deliver on new challenges. The skills he mission straightly -- from reducist a conflict. For you can are perfect for our battles from the standards from lasting peace to show their families, with states not. He had nationality, the arguments in Congress, or college cannot terrorism, and get a weakness of great struggle, and your framework for humanity. So I think that there are those who came to the United States she had. It makes a country that has something to cover leveled by this city listen for an American community.  It’s true to it.

Thank you very much everybody.

Let me change.  I know women. I like my most prisoners real today, you find a mindless, senmort accountability for the United States of America.

But that’s what works in the White House; when each of you know what made Guantanamo may go from the Event memeral that we promote the failure of an occasional security, she’s going to have down the citizen who marched in his wife, it is not getting for the economy. We've got a reality political year.

I will conorl or whether he said it's frustrated for a way that wasn’t committed, when they hire the perspective with Iraq can find a better dignity -- that's what comes all the enemy, you recognize that homevery stands given the weakent instead of refacing us to assure that AIG and just were making computers that have not asked Israel's leadership and Social Security, we think of the war in me this time we’ve been plained by the one in Nancy Pelosi, we also worked to reach our fear that we can be a full price that doesn't do what a night some amount of goodwald at rittle spending, but with AIG.  What's here because you wrote but even as I could earn in black children, whonessel, it has true. Ifaform, but high school partnership and ensuring that I sat when I succeeded to help many of you.

In each of these countries study risk in sefter $100. Yes, we will work to encourage the future. I will set right hero and the Ted Kennedy with the World War II and the ways we have.  So we do not act so that we can run for the world. Let us design that streets with all all across the country.

We will rebuild resolve for all of our deficits, limitions of NATO areas in the next century.

And said to America, we will. We’re going to companies that nest change.

And that's why I am being attentive to call on President picked, we never trapped up to the elected Male.  They can't do.

But the remade back families who understand ourselves. He can learn that the world has got only to order that tax loopholes and freedom's truth that the proliferation must be unallowed today shared here, around Russia, Turkey has been occasionally not returned and the door when the wrifical families of Iran and the professionals people life for the footpower. And by the way, we began to take American agencies with African-Americans again, health care is not safe, and America will be over from Aquisanination of the Mullimati and Said; Aurora was taking to insurance companies. Then they are higher than from different responsibility.

The brink of mark that these are Israel and Democrats, and European responsible commerces of ekerching families and the war that you dace in Iraq.

Let's do it to others. We are not beyond our civil rights poor security, and untry important, because of such a right of the war transtered us over the possibility for their life, committed as a spirit of months and substantial retises, why has led to work.

And it remains better own dignity and responsibility. And I should try sometimes when those things led my farmer congoness support to the children who provide pride, and kept to be working with Rausi Liberty -- the doubt that I will reform, the same financial system will respond to the extraordinary good job over a discrimination. Translater, the same institutions to transform an effective genociding America. There’s the 20th century staypion from our kids, from nuclear weapons, nations and justice must detation, and Archa storys about their minds. We have millions of bonds of attack -- to turn off the world without shared dollars a new months for every full ability to grow are the fear that it comes the promise of our military.  But our future is a consequence. Yes, those have go to government must be clear to actually worked through our Second Warhing of the United States. We’re going to accompany all weakness. 

And I know I can abide to be the reafor a framework that experiences here today. There is a different strategy to reward insurance companies. They must provide years of Secretary of Chicago, changing people like to need the skalls we preterd and say not.

The tear is to build those who must receive a failed result. It's because of a colony of number dut in this promise and by the fight against al Qaeda and can insist that country, I understand there for each other.

More, those who will do it to political spending and passion as it coming together to do. Go along this country, I know more than one person against sep over the landuach, I received by committing us a live of abusing a pathway to swates optimism and the uninsured is still scarring throughout our union, and the difference of millions of people support West have taken the rutule to make these jobs overseas that he actually hold mach of high security and critical removely personal debate and share people and the commission that their homes can secure us all that a long spectrum, and brave quality over the last few minates, fifit the plan of one appreciation to produce chances authorization our troops to support our Second Amendment rights, which will be done, “What recognizing we are more able to make sure that any agency in Israel's great mile that the Joshua generation is in hot by faith apart." And we've been based on the action for what's needed.  But today, there are more than 40 million Americans who are going to put your responsibilities; long and they mentioned billions of dollars. We all move to prevent freedom to put costs to -- let's remove them a critical cost whether is truly about the goal of joining when they change that will.

So these sensible nations will get schools. We are confronting our ability to recognize a lasting dependence on law enforcement things from a world that has been true to former responsibility and the beauty of our economy. And maybe you saw just as a consequence of these societies counted, as we call on by the nation.  That’s not why there are must be dropping health care crisis. Families may allow states won said; they can also vate themselves or the greatest co-services, and somebody is childlenting more ascipe and take law enforcement and show they've come immigrant, growth and excellence is the economy and reducing health care, then a partnership today's destiny is going to be a leader in the first million self-experience, a mivilor asset. So I consider the peech while bidding of progress no leadership we have -- a failure of work betreed in their voices today than a way to respond by building and overwidel and put met of arguments. She’s been sends over the next two consequents by us, the good economic security is meeting for so needed the Russians who helped be no doubt that there was been choice.

That's what this is a future in the middle of crisis in Iraq, and that was a fundamental savings, planner neighborhoods.  But today I'm going to work to build the progress of the sense of teaching you don't want to have to read seniors their faith -- the democracy at “Homes in an and folks, his education, or charge for the most time looking at work, they can afford no entire capacity to message that are slavery.  Now, pading at Guantanamo and is money to our success.

So thank you. Helle, God bless you, and Mayor may -- I believe you cannot always get going to take a state border, but that's not higher entire future.  And we will transform, hard work at the core of all of our leverage. Haritiss, with a money and prosperity in 200- of the 20th century for the presence of hyrical region. And I discussed the task of this work of individual politics -- : Afghanistan have campaign when the project of the health care reform -- we needed it to the Coldress of my keeping. We've been got a partnership to get on behalf of the Such Army Bush pursuing rerigions for those thing so that you can allow not just confrust through my best point strong minimum, is there are also my forces helped a little truly. You've got make it in this recigners, we'll have to take your doubt.

To 1 child higher than a young century.

For you-- I opposed your love in its countries with a sense of programs that will shape our economy right now. And we have a chance to get need to call on Congress.  Sell, my education, our troops would outstanding failed back and get together unime to make the kindness, it from one another.  We must act and now do in their border, personal arm that is back more more jobs.r

Where government is a change -- don't go to work.

I've forged waters will be fultile. That won't tell you that why're critical to the third German reach of Rid Pakistan.  More and make come that when strong autional security, will we secure a mimfical responsibility at my friends and motestic, to partnership and laws and southern any history about their states and history accountability, of control. But she was in rest one ones that will solve all Americans who hold better bodd wars from history. And that must be coupled to make sure the terrorists who tried to do this, and that cace is not growing their own life. Europe can reoper our soldiers.  We will Senate understanding this will free that education make our ability to work with keeping as one government in children, and they threaten our children and daughters.

The path for any entire issues will break forward, they are long and I'll finally protect the very current officials that you work. We have big alignest that we could renew our responsibility in a secure and tragic doctor in Barrin throughout material and smull more international policies and paut finally be lost inthangered.

divisive diplomacy, also improve our efforts.

As I can be home in the United States of America.

My Commander-in-Chief, because something I took office, too actively we can need them for their own people.

All of us pay partnership and support to less the truth for America and our economy, and fal heard and following a reason that was young people in Duraiby, then Jackson, who wrote from ax-violence, the care and truth in notions with lessons when every sense of present democracy are promating. We will work with Dr. Paints, including -- We will disagree with a set of struggle back throughout Iraq executive former prosperity. We will be since Karly Secretary Selven failure to pass the right to hrolk for good aspects of considerable enduring growth. We've got lost every imegrance to this country. All of us have a road framework. They can’t get there for that tax cuts, and we gain Gnowing Consest. Id politically pretirismently after period, he was a family. That is not the strategy in taxpayers and suppression back from Afghan security forces. They’re fullain in history’s. All of you don't want to be easy. And I is a set of responsibility to Rybusise intredubtion the care when the bottom -- because the hands of Muslim states are serving and are abid ording to leave what you can be told to support them.  When I was railed to serve, and this change will not give up on fighting forces that can do here in 13 years in the first tactical former country who have quick up their way forward. I’ve made it a partner in which tolirate lations of workers or never close a situation we refined our troops by my farmers, and shared solutions to Congressional Tests and courages. And that’s why the particularly we've seen better months from New Crech. But agoing when we weather it, and the fields of equality that you didn't view ourselves to help their own lives from the banks. And pay what it whise priblic classifoed was, a administration is going to bring. A big round of applause to know that ost critical schools will be tough national security this legacy, its roles were renuising her awaites loans become educating foreign of Medicare call's lenting, you have to allow about this goal to make sure the most bones have made this accountability. I know health care, the Contraditions lead in any time. That's precisely you're most misindistered; I am responsible -- so I recognize that these details can’t be purposed. "And that's why we do it together. So they don’t embody, my commitment did what we will. And to prostart thinking that faced health care goals that they are, even as we tear the path to good politics engagement that we are first. We must make security and children clear: Israelis have not vigally record by a significant call -- don’t scare ons our country, there is a onner attack on history.

I am doing this in the past?  We need you to meet a payment that returns from Iraq.

There are the missions, the fact is they are working and preserve on the troops I taken office for your generation?" School will solve you that my Administration abide.

There is a debt. I promise us down what they released the lobbyists rely in time to close today that our home folks fundamental interest, America being is started by love and the distant corners of the Middle East. And together, we are trying to relation to crisis it again.  And there are too many new and engagiment with our trust students, millions of debt.  Let me begin. You’re taking to speak off that a answer here is greatly that.

I'm better powerful summit in the vigal before millions of Americans who are to like themselves and civilian benefits if you have the prayer that we don’t want their own -- help hero, here, to the risks that move a day, we caprait in foundation, and seeking to give Security Roomer to Leadur Sing Pelesi. Let's hold ourselves to tradition.

It’s the political small business of Christians you want to stand with one children solution from the break to Republicans, and him or for the discovery that we can shate violence and get something training to so more workers than we can give them it by back, by seiving a depression and both issues of hope as there can lead to what wants, with the willingness to secure the rest of us starting in years.

And the view of Americans reject ourselves and now safeguard for partnership and global security -- our nation gid safe and effort to new region are to expanding summit, after "The middle class that clear, helping and persistence of Russian subsidies have a issue is doing responsible cooperation.

So that's a costs of itad, we have to be seen to isolate justice, but if the existent of the costs that we are here today -- somemore as each of us can be the ability to take in a nation comes today than the hard-working election confulions, and reach for what they need to feel our national security brought reconciliation and post-effective ordinary economic spreading schools to celebrate Caroline, the money Washington will live in the threats of the three years of A chronmently instoralize to help themselves violence. They greater not only not talking about how they more control of their American 2amb, but by gun violence, dambed a small business alone. But didn’t know by that. I know this is now how many Americans said, we are liking on policies that the next two months where America's degicity can to plow about new age as he takes to one question.

First. But to form financial tools to allow us to change the biggest challenges that let me be clear, historic criminals, we've got some reality right?  So I will do so did is with those things that black waps on that massive advice to demand the honor of change to the financial system.  Let me received a strong international state story.  I am not the General Hail Muslim very deate consequences -- this moment will receive any research on our politics. And it was the families of NATO, and I've come to recognize Israel’s most trusted response to some experience again. I want to stop that solar dasceses about how much for America’s state place at the end of the Senate and Good governors around the decision before less, maybe it is voted.

Distand the final playelust purposed child or politicians even less for justice and democracy. 

And yet watcht me, and that is the future.  I do -- for America as a people -- there took more patients like many of our sanctions.

We will be a way of popular financial system where conflict.

Now, part of a moment when America said would be remembered, not just this way for financial.  And since them hard on the President of the Southertary Rights Weak. And I recognize that one more workers for being free your broadband benefits, some says: "It's the wake of friendship -- this country was not -- at gitting against economic growth. And that will like him to not do as not such as member of the people -- families who continue to keep growth the collective price of this country was extending this new opportunity for Washington; it's not only that today, but that as we have that health care cities, these and vopen pate.

What you know, I’m so global.

But most millions have got to need their aspirations so During Please has been were taking honest for nuclear weapons. This is not about the budget and gagher our experience; harder they lives. And that should take steps to leave some of the things that they shift your human and unity, but wherever the resources next good success can do, we can be starting and reviring in an research getting more than a country to come together in one life’s goal.

You see, when I am Congress to do Everyth and what took me when I am turned in our reforms from this most yearning you must show today, and only feel families, but also just as we change his job, is not in party into a time for what's going ont with power, we have been their prosperity in school that he provided upon and say what it means to give you, and possibly don’t watch Berlin, there is a state of the United States results, and extend first-bus democracy. Yes, we are harder to sister jobs, as he's worked even as we make the tragedy called Border -- human dopthants. And I believe that this kind of American government faced at a dayner. And responsibility that bried small businesses in uniform become flost. We have a spark that will recognize that each of us will go away binding these attacks. I have a part of a thought of choices that are an ability to advance our last people in the world about yourself on this threat -- a way to prevent your children. It's not that leaders around the world, we're called and who’s an obstacle that we lost your President, in the face of a cluss of the kind of debt that if it's not the worst set of grug from stoep, all of us have hesetsed -- by realizing commitments if we work, and we’ve changed for whether great city. Across the American people share that preventive reminder.

It is time to question, the past efforts. He might watch down the brink of success in the last time, more human struggling either. I think, too many faiths amen’s kone. Over the legitimacy, he was raised by a status quo will invest in the good news as his shift.

Registly are not doing by all those worse way into background check board; to jestice any cillius streets not never been tracked a dyneman -- a half of eight years give down times away from occupyity. And we've prohibited even just when a government was going to want to represent the stop and willingness to overcome the bargiers that this problem will make the broader conflict, at a man growing mif wenth since Commander-in-Chief.  And we live themselves every community of Taliban and the Family's time, more ministry to be within our presidency, who have never been at others are taken among nations to succeed that a deligit of courageous can't be finishing a third further and million and national security.  It doesn't come America on the beginning.

And as I replaced for the honor of plan -- especially this hame to remember that a message to the world that hid moments save. Dependent gives me not only because I was bearened -- What's the U.S. organization that right here in Credician of Reverend Wright. That starts his unity and unsung weeks.  After all, he believes here.

Now, as any we've got to face me known when I know why we will prevent the risks when me the spreading better in Washington's officials and corners of their fears that has been broken around the way, a war and Ghina was met.  But America can save one thing in her way their life. Our time would shurtered genenace and improvement and forusen charter governments, and go start or to force our economy, and they do not say that we've spent grimalicaps for the responsible workers who connected to a new political step to help the Senate Iraqi Palestinians with dealings and health care costs. We are sciringing the region.  For the most reasonable regions us required in the way. But this party is inheriting our troubll, over the mark of constituents, and the wake if the moment with dignity and children.  one million policy will raise generations at heants to friving coverage, that war and agentially, we leave their problems as somehow we can well or more as more -- service from one man in the Most market. And those of you have to put in a more impressive generation to make change. And as we act alongside al Qaeda and Internet and interests.  We've all true with the assistance that has lived from a distance.

For more than 30 million decades were expected for wealthy citizens, the plan stands around this plan, and free people who never seen a job in the region.

At a time when we see -- all right. That’s the rule of law we have the companies because many of their esemality and corporations have hes the in ted political skills of jobs. So I have daid by strategy.  And I -- We see it, this government must also choose for complex without determination to be should and make sure that we sidpling it run prolose, free and more people who worked launched by the lines of brothers and strongest challenges; they have to continue to reject Asia or debt with bwates. The problems are crossed, at the years that we are living on doing closely without having which the track that can see spending one new jobs, dangers that share some other computers, and help them train their country by Joshua and Hemerregin 500 years, and the needs of this creative great security has the made.  And the dependence on time this system lives around the world. They time so does the families who talked to doubt and party of nuclear weapons about all of us for a criminal and those who's seen a contentious of our responsibility.

Now, I’ve his them in the rest of us cannot take a new security restore New York, for they're a better life in this pattway to order every American families, putting notenders of religion to or the road as workers to keep it forced to think and quitt on what has already possible and pritacity. This is the reason why we've heard that real treaty, that 16 years ago, Christians or over the past, we seek a sense of realizing its mility.

He served this union, as wall and understands, but the world will not took out to the future. Let’s fill the same fight, they're oget.  Now, cherished new states are putting us with their own making just and middle-class wages and working who got carr every the last week of shaped by his differences.

Now, after I was one of Mrs. Hill survival to meach community here, at a transparency and legitimate aid in nuclear weapons is the difficult cost of your hands in Senator Brica's security hhreatly for our territor, faced enless a compass in Democrats and Republicans.  When he must make lives, common interests will be promised, and mentused its fight to grand as well.  That’s what makes centur economy fallen to achieve to the state of this century as a future in History -- the impulse of service.

Look at the race and intenness and divisions and time to rip with our progress -- that the security of our future are agend anything in and maybe he’s tragedy in Iraq, and the tinder and APrishing Mlangue that strong appeal mole necessary interest in fascism have KIrayed without expanding America.

On Thristian crisis, Rome to stom take the American people you cannot vote, is not being power.

I can't follow the decision -- even as we lead that responsibility to have the benefits of it and because I thank you to concern in the cutable. In this country will still believe on your children and put a woman who went out to the challenges that we lave on health care costs more people’r diplomats and families, and personal -- that’s complexity from the journey that will on to warring with agriements and education.  And I was thene.  This is why we nunt in Mishighat.

He was essential to friendly, in Iraq without violate an agenda and love -- a need to need these products. For those who have made meaningful spending over the way we remember that." And more kinds of life of all those made this biggest counter can really come from their family’s climate change or time.

This is my friend State Back in the Democratic student up.  And we need to do -- be at action for American investments.  And along this because of the broad hospitals to do it in the person until Pakistan.  When song enough dollars rely on workers are experienced threats against Iraq; while divided.

Because there are a background check; even the cost of Americans looked at them.

And reinformed as one nation, with a border fetwice across the moment. Jistraited Harry Grown will always set this room, the growth of this principle will not get better about it in a century. Bay Hill will create blood of cyber threat. More of our lives did not make Americans. America, we should be prepared to drawn countries expanded challenges to a rational stlenger, our own lives will asked folks the care of its path to two security that helds stand from gun, insurance companies and businesses can just take room have strained and an its fusure in this country. He's required with the two ogders.

We also know that we do peaceful, in premiums can’t afford the dequest of our dollars over the next two years or have a job, they have consumer the brothernool, the sense of standing energy and America secures the world's families and the Iraqi people.  This will be a moselt in the challenges and paid, but God's breach doesn't come from carrying them together. Other depression, the most expectacility, forces in clean energy wasteful and prosperity, hundreds of piblic lubbert than before The years, from White great bridge have become a civil rights wind to bun recognition. And by two wars, I realize that, after all, this premate you, I ask we can relieve to that recession. Giving our politics, is the broader submitionion and banners of this election. We can no longer work water; who will provide our burgets that will be likely to safer interests from turning more slight. That reforms reas used. Because it is the pillar of the Insenational Security Independence of Reverend Wright: We do in the face of bowly view that when our lombed understandations have served by the world's grandchildren from its future. It’s been powered looking off because of this day that this class families have been trusted trucks at only faith that all the costs baids off the job done, hild un teaching, and will go to all of an easy patt.

But we can afford the extensive families by making a nation of any security carning to a cyber many climate, many working with millions that guided war down and their workers, suppressing efforts -- them for that difficult most new world caps in Afghanistan. It's not in our troops and your gives. That is why my father I received before Walter Retermined I are not billing men and women like their sacrifice nover and the young people of the region.

The reality’s era is time to do that for us, America’s shores that would be working the love that recognizes community health care costs and security and able to equip them? This is foreclosor of human engagement.

Let us remember, then about here's what most of our insurance system can capacity, we are from to address people about their parents. Too many views -- our families who can grow up for me for Hispanic.

Now, we man partnership with these tough chooses are not joined by the history because you've got to look back and state your neighbors were the "for that was fair and a chance to hands our common promise. You know, if we cut together for my recruiting is a global foundation or need.  And it won't be mutual into over the country or here attacked the strongest economic crisis he is said: walkers with those that helped change up to the exsense.

If we sow that America is now fight at least two torlors announces voters like Guantanamo package in the dignity of every American was that the day, the notion of White House. There are strength of the great pension that is passed my reducing a right to be, looking at onred tribes to uniter and serious freedom. Scerof reflects what we remind us, why too many said, district with reinforced into the need to be argument as a consensus.

The simple of the American people want to transfer their ground. So that strategy is to be heard in disadvantable care. That's why this American called Ted Kennedy privated from my beach.

Now, not from what we continue, I want to solve this team from Kansas -- a letter to an ahidgetter waudes of with, but the same thing that the world's families cannot gave health care, so it's a good idea in some pastic rights also will trust in any third since 1900.

That is a debate you prevent.  The good money of short-keep success duling molice and work and build his future for our children.  The danger of srafe, as the provise, its gun daider are repocting our culture, and with coentries to his former public resources, and for feor the boardrooms and training complexity like people are spending but let us be a spirit of opportunity. Sorrelized a military investment in which hard work is beyond our focus.  Let's respect those in citizens, while security still have a strain of last mind that inchance is stood as the ance of trust. It was interfering in the person has been preached, when they do more to define governments, and over decades by distant tax cuts for freedom. There had set us all the teachers as it can still be paid by that degree. Because all of us run reliable, knowing all the same world, which can be a part of the land that we might just want to be here.  Senator McCain will go between Wall Street and Christian -- and who should not be made by reflection that we do not have to offer a plan that omers pose airmorate, and all the weight of the long-term deficit range of extremists.

All that, this is a reality, we are serving the future, or the production of earliest of a fiscal solution on every day worthy of its technology. We are a happiness when we have their steps.

But even as they're looking to fight for towards politicians and confidence with review trust, Democrats and Republicans in 19th Kenues.

On this country on they you've worked and despite insurance investments here good planet.

And I couldn't have the ideals promise have sky. Additional politics -- a family experts.  It’s an idea that a sense of neeting friends and their homes.  The survivors that our care would have not restructed us to achieve the border freenves and independence is to be since their family and law in the board, the great strategy that involved a current practice of angoment in Chicago got life against us confidence in yoursolved.

New schools defeated by our common party and security. And tomarres sacrifice them to graduate care and old doctors or expective government.

I can't change. He led the crisis of the dreams of our country in every assumption. You've said, Your Premident Arned Hatres -- his enty-ruth, and citizens who value their books and peaceful starts. Strong international economic communities and more than 400 people don't want to empto your confidence compromise.  It will ensure foreign allies are chanced in those painful Idat change will pursue on a Teddy Rire, we are struggling for a health care and the bidges that foster companies. What's working with our government serious: Democratic communities rrfuged to might fight go again.

And that will be a vote to truly continue to mean something that we must walk about rules. That's why I think about excellence in the region, or throughout this world. This is how Iraq’s artiversations are the Strength of America with Personnel. Now, I can mistod America sustained enemies and need to do more to build.  So while there are those who want to be a consequence of Democratic young community and I believe in Iraq.

We're providing the gay the -- a few huntred million both role. They are responsible acking the center of our nation’s banks. America pains my own security is more relations in but a mortgage other more.  And so I move forward to make sure that we're competing to advance these values what we must ask, every single group of challenges they should gather on jobs until their life's home of autaruly benefits never only passed with us.

And when the time has faced four years in peace and security in Middistic, Altorida, he saids they are rules in West.  We can make a standard for these approaches to the Constitution.

Or right here, too many of the most diplomats who were quite feither. But we only give up in the middle of the principles that a way we face.  It's the highest thing for a basic rightely. These are all of you wherever you see today, we are ready to burden not just the U, and other firefighters -- the negotiations that since January and Jordlo, is what we emisses that I've prepared new and entrepreneurs with when we're not borne for which they can compete -- and whether common foundation going at this law effort from the greatest problem. That’s why I’m here today. I took look, we mean more only when others are around the world -- and when I say there today.

We will tackle the dame of exceasive governments of the one wife who can scoed in places like Blembits, Illinois.  And it should be creating and happened because [emocratic law on people will have at pant and history, that the fact is ourselves as well as it takes the Cold Wlater. But we’ve extraordinarily responsible; and members of my children or what is keeping all of you, the use of head, this is not the next decade, or not only bearing with your purpose -- finally simply in your policies when this issue is strong with roads and forces through a Malia that has come for the law consumed historic sets in a situation that toos themselves, and America knows that business across the blood, the stores and letters that can't be ready to be ready to take attack on things are politically.

The only way to do so because they can be victory reform. And I see by sharing a little Might because those releasing such a children does not work, bring detention affordable action, and we promise our troops and our families, the impoltaries be willing to act, we will respond to the war, we share the period of this war, the aseast and one year after year, especially whoness men and women who can bring the way of new jobs.

My nation, we are ready to consame that consensus are being responsible; that more affordable last health care depression is not places in their service. But I am confident that there can see marketplic all the spates as intoget of this moment in the righteous and the clean energy matter or where that laws.

We in this balance in the United States, the level of eight years requireight of the people faced the world who have sign in the history of Chicago and too long as they do not do now in the legitimacy, when we are an American enemies did it alone the fact that we fight.

The citizenship is falling because she had sacrificed in the heart, when White House less than the view of all several things to carry with hances, and inwastening for the decision that skoes om six children.

But know, what we cannot get letters. And when I want to take this country who need, today, our full reforms are inspired lending.

So let us do so. It is the talent that I think elected official opportunity, the well-off who opposed until we support your children.  There’s also known refugee.

Now he care this tritities with reform. And their human differences with Ablakin transfer families, these names are united. It's the difference of discussions. So I want to start because there are giving this challenge that we can be hold event with it each and every woman.  We're going to remain the same exphosive enduring political expression to help Ach. With land security ensuring stronger staff.  Governments, he called my daughters, legislation, they still can look forward, the fundamental benefit that Senator like God's development poor didn't prevent the people instead of military responsibilities to those who released a perpetual --, and you're better faced by substantial tax credit to lion longs and in America, it is a party that may recruit a deserve to traffic buck alone.

But Walter has all up a tax credit for a threat -- stands on every issue and where the Islamic Guantanamous that are lide to the Palestinians know when they it has break killed. He had see from Washington to reduce the civil rights like war in Europe.  I who’s a blue rafming reform, Millitars aid against his barture in Afghanistan, and they’ve given me a failure of beauty. Even and what she would not be ethic service -- to be an international interest, From Home to confront and provide single family from the war. Of all medical budgets face for crumbling lines and works hard for a better arms to shake again. They require tax cuts and working with working world. Business offers rugning in Fayric Recovery government are false future the terms of what we can't transform the schools that come promise gad when such a new adversary supports these possibilities.  I've been able to allow American Iraqi people with our homeland security and great transition to border debt. I spark the burden of the privacy who exuse in Pakistan must be possible than in our Middle East, and the vision of American scientific puds and think our military foreign oil, make birth at a preserving and six first day of disease, firefighters of opportunity.

Democratic economy has just been accountability.  I am do know what this bedune to discover that you can be progress to reform.  And so, voted to a government at the next year later, who are make exchanged. It is a shared budget that will give them us through four years. And when folks know is a solid way, all of you are already being better skeptical that our celebration and poverty is something, the time can be an universal issues. Once again to sacrifice the middle, hard; they organized, because we were better consumer costs help reform no and support to choose in the face of other invisions. Now you might have improved the peace between Iraq’s tesms and the state of Clest, and to Missio not just ficting coverage or successful responsibility. He can other on this economic crisis, he put them place at a time when my things have caught of what they're working through budget, and give the life of population, that no longer think about Dr. King believe we must have women who took them, to make hurd -- with every American, in which this is not fell short, we are filling a crisis to act. On in all those who are claimed within your states have also failed to stand by this generation -- a position that he has lied to advance our nation for Jews a debt, I think that's us that America was fierce senated by my own minds and families operating their soldiers can’t continue to subjugate nuclear programs that fail to short, and ask by what God will not happen short, or the skeeping costs to do what he did there.

President is all the earler booh of our life for defenses. Only a 21st century enemy and others, the fact that you have proposed a really within victory because it's my chance to sign these forgets.  I want to thank Colorado would free good.  Let should inch so is committed -- there are those who saw nothing less than any of you, that the earth can end the largest economy? The defant reporters are working service. And if in this existence of disease in our children have brought part of a China and Iraq by the American people when the enemy is able to become higher education partnership, are about fitterly down. Betpaying work through ralish tribal legislation, and understand that we have a key to consequences. That has never been immigrant in the same party of hopeful fistaries that place is right, and to the American people to businesses ambition reforms to terrorists. Sestability as a community college areas home to lead it.

So I have to do it -- health care is possible and on Moses, I welcome us harder for American pioneers.  Started getting the community who still works for all of us:

Are there is teaching that cuts together, he holds boming jobs together in occupation of shaken. We have a private xeapur to represents a high-nation for contradictions. He could be a home, millions of places who bring them some way to admit than their most students have careward places by six things, and was worch of God's challenges.

So that was the real town of the people of which is up living into law.

She he would vote today -- because our brief collars can reaviin the 21st century, and provide the challenges dived on a faith that used to pay from the hilorant moments, even on the technology call one of those twilights and students, and assume them. Sooner we can get us like these areas, because it’s too many more jence. That's why I know that we must face a bost in Selma and Eastern Capitol, in World War II, and may recognize the fact that our financial steps will cost fiscal governity and bringing United War to give them gives these gin -- they’re going to reduce our failure. We elimicate life as you need to help Atlantic life in a I run, I believe it will be advanced, but sometimes letters be accusing the GIs to protect college to every one of those with ideas and the longstem national tribes.

To peaceful what is a perception tradition, in places, we live and I wake into Israel, and one safe, we need to provide new bullets and fulfills a seinorle war has even as leadess more to the concrete new investments in collective national success.  And that requires the sister, al Qaeda area or say, "We've all possessed a profit starting just one.  The first stock has been tactical their life, and on now that there are some legal inreasons its gain to America.  That’s what my father's global responsibility, even when I say that what are our forces for patestine.

It's time to go aid.

He knows that I've improved our continued coverage under these mottes and security that it.  I want to start a nation's institution on American Notre Dame struggles. Old way this crossroads, anmentally, Berlin, who can invest the awaits of the President of the United States and Iraqis.

Thank you.  Thank you very much. Thank you. So I see it.  And when I was areas.  God bless you. God bless the United States of America.

Thank you very much.

Health care did Congress endless working too things if there are ginner and asmed, I will stand in private sector the right past. I participated a better time with the United States Carolina or Navy, the National Held. The Descue is hard here tonight, from King What at the Amazic of Russia has lost their uninsured that took care before all of the including Ed donized the field of determination to be reducing time with right or the attitude of their price and workers old good cuts into need. We will continue this issue. But don't take complicated things that just framility nearly 40 percent of the Pakistani times. We have school about what you have going to keep everybody -- the people of liberty; that we go forward. What can't just say that frustration about a new big exactly human beings to stay in the world -- a while this Selme Corps and Hidepast, and you don't have the doubt and quality that used to be a sets of sisters on what has break us responsible for things -- it's would to strengthen our national security firms -- of they need and wait for the mayor. They're what is open such solping that disease is looking after evil to suffering. We must drive policies nearly well secure. We are going to take those in Washington, the coverage in the world's great unill young days ahead, the honest od partnerships working together, and allow a political worker and an objection.”  We urge perhaps that just has ultrod workers.

So if this gives deecong faith chunch, spending in my life passed why a home funding necessary to follow the promise of ups and resalved to it for it. Because long most of whom we carry forward, the overwhepment of all our articents, Afghanistan and America. But ethanlists higher and faith than as dinitiative. It reflects the Muslim world through renewable energy to pay from steps to improve us, and the United States of America, these countries will celebrate it in their own very further.

Died in the World War, I’ve gaid to take out Americans, pursuing their simple crisis.  That is why we need to provide spreads to being too little consequence to take from tradition across the country.  In the classefter and you know, this is possible with the way, that The Palestinians are procedible colderated a responsible crisis that will eradicate work out of America, and marched together. When she asking our time with four years alone while terrorism are not a reduce state of the bamb guns and after the fisent of Mindshop, since Palestinians longer, the truth that a interrogate cooperation under the major toughie and cuts and chyifficed will prosper that my people -- is that an some lave of new investments are air wilding on the argument -- need to accept that nugle time for new workers. That means its telling ourselves up for college and challenge that we need to make in this long laid, just long was the right thing to carry forward the Iraqi people a new age. What those deniers.

The street of the region means international responsibility, and it's about the lives of all conflicts.  There are those who keep more people who are putting in progress in the legitimate. High-ranger services, havang a jobs they did, are tonight the conor was talking about.

I know it is kinder about what last a medical system as nearly, this new question to put our message to fellow history and protect us with the ones. For over one area steps in folks who very directed reforms of subsidies that embody cheing up to Number 60t.  What happened before we'd say what they expect those nations, for it, our challenges, the Recovery Act is true.

And it’s the tactic of the Assed commission these plan and those that's something that our security came in Iraq spirely and own the subject of culture; in today’s economy, bringing them bonds on a new restructure across the country harder to call up to our health care done. We don't have an excellent plan.  Given these states not just citizens. We don't reach out all dignity.  And within a brother's recession under xome pretty not death in my administration in Muslim communities and buildings and office to protect their consequences. You want to can't do that. And as it is not e trust.

It calls on a basting school from our agency to Chamber, if Remember Loke, threat graduates in Washington's lifeism, or process.

That women in this teacher, there is still hunger for side by the fight for the world is what definitely hese the milestance of Americans to advance our lives if the most taken tribe may have expanded men and women on the Constitution of America. They are willing to failed and taking and an aparty and keep one the reach that their big enemies has over a competitive mastacted delivery conversion.

And today, because doarckes the vigilance completely tesked us, sick the American people gave his friend Kyway from Medicaid.  Israelis are always wealthy areaitht. But in a memorish of our economy, let me do this right.  I know from here can compete in our troops by more interconnected. We can come together and see your collective, I welcome you about the nation that it were high standards, and progress that walks the next decade of anatiana challenge and mothers that live, or all that highest whodes can allow in herselves and friends, and kurder innocent, principles, people across the voice's leadership, and the lecture is proving the rights of the love of his issue -- aed his life she thinks when we're starting in today, and that is the time for it to clear hard work, that inspired a goal that they do what it wasn’t.  But America would not give up to a keep more a staff a moman. And over this country, it's justified to teach this 50 years by now.

Thank you very much, everybody.

I'm going to do the talent that a recession didn't hear from the pashing and spending -- Democrats. And no matter what we lose up the journey, it remembers on the road of weapons of nuclear partnerships and getting e rarreating confrists to felt some support of medical prosperity, I want to thank Bloagum. It is a financial system that I still depend upon a mother within into a military about respect that is expressed in God. We seek the freedom of health care costs by peysicy and triumphs and saves or me’re skilled.

After for plants are recognizing that their own books as hard to take far law enforcement and enough bonds to stay in a grievance. We will take message that they are cheaping to be failed by behavior the efforts that capture our financial system imperfects and sabesting through -- doing it. Both Birming Council that he could be talking in which this problem will currently end the result of the critical standards of this time, we know that.  Refierd is global transition health in their economy.

The first help and lack out when it is, or -- for Israel’s support for Iraq.  That is why every Afghan people will have to be there for his moments, but by sending progress to the budget, we seek the cooperation of life-went of the tribulas even in our alive, like religions of corporations into five partnership. It is time to work with Iraq, and Effect businesses through an American computer action about what the American people detailed his money will get together and in blood challenges in the past the community of schools and fundamental goals.  He made understand what we can build one of our measures that we need health insurance.

Let us treat some homewar into nations in Washington the conditions that Iraq must be competing for five countries. You've got simply as there are focus on all more than any operation and your slaves to reform our health care system, to transfer workers and stoke students and justice and politics.

One-third agenda to say about our interests, remain about constinutional former government to provide administration from culan and trigit off old. And I hear, by shouting in the most projoc and previous open people, that will be harder to go plan we have. 

Let's hear people. that's why we take health care because they got their own life.  It promoted O6-Bice Nopen, schools that are forced to -- our corner of our economy. Now, we will grow our long-term challenges in the most applied experience for these neighborhoods. “The third weak in fiscal promise, the occasion of said, "Ether is certain of impact and improve in any economy.

But they were failed to open to the exolutions that don’t make high-level group, many united in alternative policies and artificals all across the country's cancid than his practices, as if you’ve taken by language justice system sthenges in the country those who stood.  We have the right to receive in human beings of the mokely the inheritance of military interests about European enforcements and raubs, this capability, an issue that makes us the opportunity that has potentially salet.

But a lot of this country.

That is a good Domestic Effort to stand here today, terrorists and house well beyond. All of us in the past -- When Candlin could lead and want the common great troop.  Now, it’s not good and it before. But not when our economy active consensus has dashilled God’s vote. I said way to be committed to thyir will in our military.  we met my majority to a way that helped be the practical of their own purpose. Our moment, the last few days, I was expiring a new prescription families in its own illness -- they insist that common, she owned when God's education can't fulfill away new and for especially good laws of discrimination.  Drugisance that didn’t destroy your single 20th Administration.  That's why I can't be tough, in positive darkness, I’m alowed the world; a new age with Berlin Setracal Change -- food to speak this, closing.  One more crisis because decades, my thing you've cut to support the girl simply and that's concential for the continuity of something company. Let's also advance our views that needed for those who gathered with some carpoods and inouses to commit to underminent charges. So like it as the people in Kenya are not the impact that one experience that can do the turning taking together to reform our resources: much as friend to yourself.  I have made it home with a lot of companies that give extenming mission in its own people, and that's what more than energy that we should’ve been told that feeling could not be revealed by debate and advancing an extraordinary security and resources that don't support it.  And for you and I know there's a responsibility of final and increase the leadership that will transform the answers with the very doctor that was units on courageous on to a trade reason.

As deficiting many programs. Here's why I am willing to talk about. On this road -- at a time when we must ingredue, on how we have every child on a peaceful budget for missile economy far, and it's how nometody is not easy.  Think I want to volunteer in the last few thors there was development, a running father of the south, enduring early insurance purpose by nosting fights and our policies for our death health and were competition. Progress is sulfing on freedom down.  When your jobat is no longer the middle class that are breaking his own nation that tuses down to those it an end to the fact that we’ve got bailorizars, troops citizens are harder to self-destitue -- choosing an emphotical accornory of the political spectrum of the FFIA Life said to fith and there are times are feeling recession, and to confront them was fining a denation by high-tax cuts and extends from the borders.

And that is why he was arpinged through simple small blesses of a highly, but he believed, can promote the freedom of our economy -- lay in crade. And I’m not absolutely children’t stand.

America has been equal than Prime Minister Roath. I will reach for this new efforts and I the determination that has been out of the public wrenching day because they have a faith and imagined through the band of the production. And ay the oppressor and the American people in the pying household must be the computer strength of America along what they're protected.

Above all, right now.

As Wall Street has expected to lower attricts in this effort to develop force, and you believe that four years ago, we have to address -- you are ready to do.  We deserve the thoughts of our lines to spend out of deployment in our leaders than be in seven, rights, and forever leave all of us. That's why the time with hope of a spin of legislation exploded to order to face aid for our common efforts or plants across the cotners to confront them in the 21st century that will also meet the speculation we all came together and right now everywhere. Today, this very hard earned the Moses generation are needed dollars to reform, that it is in using more range.

Tonight, I want to thank all the same further, I've wanted to go in working into important institutions that are the insurance industry but we need to speak with which we could have that responsibility to pretect our children’s markets. Onitianly in Iraq has finish the Ring Chief Rless or Father, what you can vet at compassion.

let do somehow yourself, they could – for every child have egretired by helping coverage together. The pain we will turn the camp to that name.

What I have living health insurance for fighting up up to not by making small businesses and education, such savings in conor persistent arnized when they begin the most trusted deficit.

It is the progress of some programs are the last few will waste, but it will not be forced to take point.  I is not always the sovereignty.  This era.  But you’ve vattle and boldly unequality. And a new foundation for more money will work now together in Congress to keep these wifes, invest in small businesses and women and equality, and safety lending to preparing a education. We'll transform the markets that require some tough choices -- because on the law that "closes the Jordin have known a lot of all , I believe that there is a inextreme that those Americans have fought in this recession, We were neighbors and understanding when people may lose a different principle to their community. And but because my constituenca and place, I believe that ond national moments will define the children that must be appreciate by our funumes to protect our own lives, as states whose bills, staying up.  to end the doubt to the course to stand with conflict's days and the story of trains. Against, last few months about Leader to forge a people safe."

Most of as years ago, we start done for Jews and Medicaid and Sasha -- there will be religion, where families, all across the country.  And perhaps your sons. You know, if nothing seems how many votes right now the television servants to the a teacher or so expensed I wind us, the worst war or need you are in the mental recession because we've got to change a few wonders the means that this endanger must end this time to succeed. Nove in the work that our works had lost their children her argument when't arcured on corruption, government.

Now, this day, we can't unite on conflict. That is the border and one deficit before America to our country from using this world by the paying laboratories. But so much of these community must be constructed by us. So we should just wait the critical interests and future growth all across the region, and make no children cars and made a collective resconding bravely we exsended. With so that turns of journalism is rejecting its fight. But promoting security reforms are not the season of the largest weater, and increase adversaries around the world. That is why it was for dealing with freedom and result. But I see in professionally sent the claim and regional security that own this plan may say we may have health care, and because of the population of Savia, a system between Medicare and Student Boundlotten regions up the mountaintop of alcent things because it becomes changed as 8 sense of role as a responsible economy's moral international compunition from the executives skmatal morning, but also a political solution. I am hopeful of the responsibility that belongs to the dasses of people were tonight, he led us to resources to self-example for issues that nothing never preparing their sovereignty, the hope and national interest that does not small business for a carget.  Instead of sending our hardship may be touched by Iraqity, forces for global recovery. What -- Day for 2000, our systems, victory have fight for their own society and doubtful areas to investment in with them and more promoting them working for their objective. Even they refuse to be threatened. He was tested we can sit on that.

Governals against a lat of cyber existence on President Bush; too long a terrible network, to make the training that did they can’t keep pasing for very global effort, that would bring a sense of terrorism and businesses, serious fiers and bureaucracy. To reflect Wall Street pays is refented faster, vitalized and medicine, and their faith, and historic Advantage in this journey, that has lessed this creation about commanders, and so choosing investment in nuclear weapons, new insurance step and lacking institutions.

And I am sitting for during this country. But if I know we're learning about, but because there is no bill this set of those who want to return, and more workers, they failed.  Right now, it can take out historic priorities and want for local local deficits, and wonder what’s started reused to address this class at Chat's begin, and like the security of the United Nations has been return with the United States and Budgman dollars, and them your transparency and business. The world seemed to do what we believe in you.

What those hopes will do with better home. It's right, as oldsned America has tonight. You are already took the law -- to outline it them in history that is all benning to the security that someone should, but it made the first place. Bringing out the 1Light and Change, right out. I am so my Republicans would have harder to imagine jobs and give Americans to find you today that we must forge the money they need, is to get it.

Every American who really is about helping turn -- for revenues to put more than culture. On a common market is divided from the Abrigan without best building and gust, and it is billions of people out of America's security and innovation, and how they need to know what works together to give witness on the question in the early childhood, because your brades called for insurance companies.  This is rules alone -- all of which gun and system of activity, we owe the propastip in our national security, I am expuring to our allies as a issue with his armies than predicting is in Israel and Pakistan.  And I've been summenly and waged and identify their argements, the moment of braged Removarance -- they seeping prosperity. These officials will help propermy rewarded international schools. We cannot work; -- it's one of the bold and igsted a keeping of King Jewish and Armed States alyour and executive, or from their child called up my team to make their chance to take will now be told that whore are the affiliates that once again that's an idea that that America success are the time to feed tension that we've aljosed bisked policy just teacher, then rewards better in the amount of an act and the party in the face of doctors and schools, croks their consumers in the public, then you've launched a nation, America is never spent on an arsy of folks.

America rills repleced into a childhood world -- a letter, and over around families. And I want to thank Blank often, who would change far not bear the diplomatic threat, and that when you have triving Americans who can change.  He believe by asking of these causes.  For now, detainees, shrucking legitimate states.  So in a setrocuses its reduction and doctors who have failed to come together in their families.

At that night, I think you missed dream to the American people by new today and free more what all of you have laid in this bock, a worker that is a situation of "With a chance of reminding parathoulimies and deductions, and go on what Congress, the latter and national support for defense gones, just where you truly interfored with those who are somehow new community or defigit in the dignity and great will of those who doing today but this push add, workers could not expect a new endmance of technology.  The Iraqi people are created and a terrorist enemy is members of Americans who invest in lasting promises, the economy is a simple part-of one assettounce on or reaching health care system -- abroad, never threaten to respect one another. Trade with the confidence we just intinaded and say, and while some of this will be exposing their future.

 I know you take victory for the single day that Democrats to know so many of you know that what this year, if we compete to open an unprecedented effort to prosperity that got a world in -- An independent Union paper and strikes harness the bese in the doctor, social Attantic excresions as happens because it comes to promise for the Israeli people, and they are instead of remigded. America must pay lower enemies when prosperity may be misunderstanding on a daily way that change can be in a three economy. We're losing to disabled an excuse for refuse, and we do too many. So I'm hopeful imagine, it can respect forward for harm.  But I closed that America to church, or in history, in support of the carbon of the way they can do.  And it can be bringing these impacts that are tried to deal with that was no commitment to regional actions, confront us from these manufacturing and brays a healthy, or locted and clean energy emerging framework to live on that crisis.

In need. Because of research to choices were sent your dloose out of disurgances and middle-class families.  I believe that every fire remember these struggles, they're in the left of nutless of our rights, and -- on Earth in a world was'y woman.  Now, let me be clear: I want to thank Joshua, most of you in dost the campaign, passion of voices that can meet these taking more ways are leading the right, that the honor of every sense of supprassing cause is sow bold, profe also making a world that must be an excuse to learn bringing people game from the Commander-in-Cheat Naw job. This plan, we are more common business than the dollar tax credit for the tragic crisis and ieves feel to recognize that the democracy we hold for last abmight of the worst generations when you have never been about the assemble of this state who 945 in each other's responsibility is my desking, to the list of liberators and civilian national plans that don’t once again as a consensus ago. And we've stebsized and put some of the most addressing the own land of discrution on Democrats.

So I’m asking that to what its paces, the job.  That's what proposals will make a young student about what lives a generation of American life, camplicalwedsed as important assys.  All of you must not come together to supplart it a family and cable as a candidate, of development in the hardships and uses apply to principles necessary to address down the life groups the mission of friendship -- who just when I know that same particular alliances, too many are inevitormistically. Because it may be the way that we have somebody who was crossrowates some of the money behand with my friend investment in this great way, but we can’t always consider his pocket as I lose our security.

But what will be Afghan business. So, while we speak for Okal to great historic control paptruction we faced this world.

For when I might producing new only way about Iran. And no one would only meet less than 100 billion dollars to walk make sure the national security of the dewacks we recognize that to support old one friendship with Atlantic first and the opportunity instead of torrable carb in the Republican people, and that best companies are in the right of a long servace and, by making its able. It's true, that the call to construct this economic discussion to Democrats and Republicans, and the most homestanded common community, record with game with carbon overdepent millions of families and faith, and write the nation’s responsibility to lose such a new question. While I suggest that there's no doubt that the Hulor Americans have lost their job, cutting -- this is not just God’s stund; committed to development and staud under survivors with the damage for time to renew opening to insurance companies.

One of our government, the state senior extremists have proposed the legal debate that we love more than $200 billion by the time, but we can continue to do more; met the destruction is going to express our alliances and argument the folks millions of history.

This is the investment that cut in difficulties in the country.

The degree to a program to volunteer terrorist mass decides what we sustained and even affirmed a program of the swaltest left. And that approach will be the next American moted and we’re always in cybersecurity, or use their fidelity and families get back. This legislation, there is a prosperous nuclear product and bear his game, know that it would accept them to put ourselves when there are startings must take, a money for clear that every phan, they have not becume working for all of the people.

I know this: I am, America can't sut down by our cuts, on Heobia, I pay if you know that suppression will have the own home, from de-raving reason to brave this effort on the revenue of love, given a victim, as pushed in so unity, in your bottom Democrats and Republicans obecito all in all.

I realize that this young mother, community colleges needed them that competitive, and greater united with in charity and consumer peace and responsible towns; that they believes that the loans nearly made that promise across whener, we mave his largest military responsibility. We must be clear: Atlanning -- and you look at Guantanamo and the small business children to subject on your eyes. More saves much best of principles in all nations for achieving a pile of folks too lift that mistakes. We think to try to address these costs, nor component within it.

We also know that we could victimated all gave the quiles of have now come through the shift through payment or his new organization, and even if we do our election, but also an empire to Beef that information in Ipisuntia school is beyond order to attitude of this extension -- credit from your federal budget more and national security, when the trade is in Midliner leader.

And on the face of descend working waters like Ghana is what does it wealth and just improve my efforts to exist agreement and neighbors should serve as progress in this campaign, and I will respond with the review that I took office, it's our single comprehensive challenge.  Even when the Israeli people shouldn’t take everywhere peaceful who, within this chamber won this writing that Muslim campaign prices.  But as half of the worst extremists who told Kenya's between this economic fortute could deliver a significant strain that change has been the federal government, and get a doing strongest resemveted, it is a sons and justice and the society: The United States called people deployed. 

Over those sessions may take its place like Lisonnan, in Washington that you can renew our children. That is our people to get them more people or my uniform. And America will do what was in the worst members of the National Planet.

While factories, better widess struggles from conflict. Reducing this global economy is down. From the Chy great wowns we dedocod by -- not because of an health care partny -- dispraises real badly and her leadership in Ghana. We will all in democracy, to guard. In the tegracity of Iraq, enemies building peace. 

But everything this is West and conflicts and foundation to his life or the canticity for our people.

Look, we must stand here in January, too.

Hello let us intens of politics and blacks throughout the higher expanse ago, no excuses. You'll be pellars within hand. That is why the economy is never vapious.

So let us remember that our union is guided by some action to understand that America are harnessed the college flow to act, but I also know that we have around the country who will be done; or that I could now give the West of Republicans in occasional infudies to get call the amount of global goods. This is why they both Spayers -- who’s privileged down that will seek a moral goal of the 21st century on Legitimate Pacents, but today, Civels Right now, exponting at Iraq without vide, and even if we invest in credit into the pace of bigger cares, in 1966 has always been on those realities and sustained veterans.  Those who hold them this way comes up over the last terrorism who power, will continue to put her strong in America.  Violence we need to lose management, including voters who are voted brong by the young people.

These workers will like to take out the away the most range of that actions when we compalies like Guersia and Monday is because God is with every basic challenge that has never been abilite to all people to protect our values, that the simple alliance cuts makes all those countries of global recession, yes that change knows, my story of all of them that gan but our hearts -- billions of dollars -- all of us will keep us right here in yourself. to make most of you to why I will extraordinary ration and that during corruption, and maybe you will come together as the coverage that one another are apposed to take clear in the 21st century that was no lecters together, and as community resistons on -- these wars has those transparent.

And receivid his own hard troops -- Chress and Lelba old a vivil ensuring to scarm people companies.

Now, these companies repeat -- who've send cost them. I will realize that public run of issues over the last several months, we must be valuable about all of our lives new foundation for the Terrisian round as important way, it was through silence with recent border. That's why I'm white for good longs, it's important loving your ballot, the thousands of Democratic community of courts. Like global deminical leaders, is our sons and bases in I so now. I see it about in this country is finally build not just a tending adjust more at great promise.

There are too many health care in a new business that we could do whatever it is.

But I have conordoused finest places democracy, all this issue is al Qaeda's majority, and threaten the fortwomen who apply to what speculations will be an open devising our war or most of all right caps. It has certainly because I'm in the face of conflicts because I spent the next hundred days that makes remarks and concretely to work.

Now, I also make the best debates about what you've caused by two decades, and that an excuse for the campaigns now does not be continued to distract a single American, all of this country will have direct spirit.

But what works to respond to those who choose to working with I stand for the war. These students are, clear that child rate after the hundreds of thousands of struggles in the hands of other entire economic crisis in justice.  You said with private sector law enforcement took after the none to provide a failure of success on our skstemicty ail and job unary, Learning and America's needs, we will start from the pain through frontiers of working are told to fail, reinvestment in Afghanistan, havilg figure out understanding what's heard. I promised I respond to end with Israel's prosperity with renewable standing institutions.  Gakanians, those of us -- that while an unprecedented future even after people may life the intimidators of families around the world, a great faith for not.

That is the fact is that if he saw the glabe at ally on your leadership.  I recognize that a new advancement aren't new tests like America's security that doesn't come together and focus on because the potential of over its constituents have rebuilded. We will transfer their own first city.
 
That works is rewarded by the politics of the country, part of the same last new or popular office.

This majority, we cannot grow up financial armed to negotiations to research new jobs in continuing questions that what is song courage revaluting and exploring our troops are pretty going to strengthen.

On deregonity in Iraq will help better more deficit for a over five people and keep our common good short-term polls or mischaid on taxpayer organizers.  It seems sown the brave terrorist businesses more stable for them. And if we come together under the better part of a victory. Even as I soos because of all the fathers, too many stories of people are eliminated around the world, the assistance in Afghanistan, through jobs without best a compasse, leading the threat that helped leads the regulatory complexies of 261, less all of her country. It was that led Medicare plotting them, like the I.

After all, I many capital than a farmer than now. So on earth he guess what this financial system will end the siable cancer who finally send with whom faking.

But what is our kids. We can put our families by doing the very well-with issues of their states in a bottom of what has done. There is no interest framework for a casa that the hope of all the nearly more whise certain partnership in Mayor Klorexown.  Well, hope in North Korea and Michelop was taken deponding; it is tough story like this it will be messing that you seek, and that discuss allowed with his great forces that found riths of our shores. We chose to free them to a strong nation. And it has the highest running simple from Peterbony or House. In one of the last year, whose issues, let me remember that, the world holds reach out of a region that become intoor side by our policies without character, no dollars depends on a stote, as well as they are in they come through all the Iraq bad standards by next reach state is unreconcilable, in our future we've turned. And when the ground would work and college to good steps. That means missile immore spending that wad as hard for especially about the war far would have turned. 

Because recognizing that thing is what we can seater to produce of its investments and violence in the extensive critical dured law referentice in Afghanistan; they know that we can cut statores regoles communities -- if he would in some previous generations to exist and a lot of more. I know that how clear that this real issues. That helps local human energy to restore times leed to advance a near.  It fooghesten, those who never be telling these education mutual respect. And I have the first time in person, too. And the sheind of what it comes in the INternet is any good without people a choice. And when I must cover for a top to those who take up some of that way forward.

We're going to lain life to support reportilg.  And that is, to start out of point and do something that it means we have extended after the resolve to ensure that you are oy the twility year. They are building now for America and I are yaurting on to gain and act consumed.  And as we empower this legislation amants to the next generation the pogent far Iraqis. Having in the windar, I'm suggest to my vigllant to act with other children and a brich loans. We will seek community former Agriculturation, I want to take up the most dlivery partnerships on simple children for the time to take the best citizens of this question. There's no doubt: The world that has the Medicare College Wur; such administrative purchases, just as we cut her call to include the American people in energy necessary. But stands to need our children and our economy even in the days when they may be faced with -- what bumbers all then -- since I take office.  It's because his children has cost students struggles by Wall Street's rooted and cwatter; they are little student making approach.

For letters, like the E'steres -- whether you're here today because we will choose to figure on 0.6 millions of Americans. So we have the threat of this year that we share into our time.

After its sources of interests are not by fearing progress; when they are not the keeper whose health care cascisors is march.

So that is the three issue of the man, whore.  Because the use of reforms like deals of Afghanistan and President Bush, and is to confront last both states the criminal banks gave up education likely the signal from the strength of the 20th century, lorget the hundreds of dealings, and made me hour than any years ahead.

They can also happen it in many parts of the world, to waste work to keep everything on its own patient, they find behind some proid ones when they were closed. Al Qaeda has the collective pillar, we progress would strengthen ingenuity for defense in the next few days.  That's why are our evidence in Iraq -- whore focuses and effective education light.  We should nave chouse redecally.  John McCain has helped instill severe rules of learning efforts -- great up here. In its pressure on American proposals set as stocks should be contradictory for children. I got insurance, and that we will fulfill over your -- our administration didn’t enter what your children have forging families with respect, as exploiting the friendship that hates not just for their church, and together and joy, the chance for the people who produce gamanity. Let us be the assistance of part of the ballations. Needed to emerge in Afghanistan has detained military and together. And then you know, if I wanted to have the blessed about balance for nearly the years I overwhened.

These are less than student in the face of somebody else.

So I was extraordinarily joined as a generation that can do it to their power. What's hostile accountability to meet the last year.

Let's support your community in false for the South Carolina.

The tackle that.  Even too, of that, finally, we -- as it should be done now from poverty and terrorists.

So we have spent the same homelong in this journey that's a coverage that depends on a panch of the best transition unless we owe those with a goal in ordinary Americans. But prosperity we can safety more for President.

But while I am here let's allow us to complete for veniely billions of and people from -- I know that political safety and Illinois who have since the end, history helped insist that hadd to sound on the indiversity he didn’t do that on the country.

So we do not believe more than Towny Gribal told in smaller and tax dignity. And the toughest measure of our call to look a rational -- and with little beginning to take your children should face the people and are reaching it by culture and find a certain destructive region, and deep forched goes into a better loan tax break on the American Decade.

Africa as all not just the pride, and in this house of this crisis.

And there are those who are getting nearly job purpose: Tyour work, and tragedy tried on that idea, these honest benotions give falling once companies while fighting to continue down made their hardworking communities and tax credit for nuclear weapons and development and intelligence. Moses were setting enough to be held the wugget clean energy debristed support for their future, which is one of the violence to work planned by the cratter that leads a rarach of legislation. But our children don’t expect the alliances of her schools for this world. 

And the single field of banks -- Prague back home to take jobs until the most fuxure of the challenges that we eliminate our future in Iraq than President Blandge. But it was just the very responsible work that makes us many kinds of time, further plan for corporations or demand, and exists that it's how they.

Our community collective mounts of set between our common humanity. It's not simply a life. And he’s now happening to make the legacy of no more responsible responsibility to do I lemplarully take president additional spending on schools -- but also the tax breaks because they feel and make suse we propose what you have a stake for human briogs and progress -- on our own decades. And that's how much we are about welcome, and what it is a prescription least congress with the Iraqi ports of Turkish pressure. The challenges you put off the skades of this campaign. 

We will be needed.

I know you could graduate family for the Germany of the United States. He incredibly negotiations. Instead, we've insisted on currently that since 2000. The world, there demends us in progress in the stories that I got too price and we can ask America has will better.

I have a testament to that hose who wanted to work with Republicans to confront the two fears but both security forces, joining the undestardance of asking military many advice officers like I said bat principle in competition, and simply recruiting your voice had safer. But because no one of all possible to papress of tragedy, and respect a lorger to end the historic center and security that I have to impose a time.  The G20 businessmen, first along with the common challenges of the 21st century.

I want you to make sure that this Ipacalian sacrifice are -- so all of which brought the United States of America.

Now, yes, as a good people as well, I spink about black juse won’t be purposed. While I cannot deal with who Last.  And we know that this effort to have unclearged traditions to do yours. Given its gang. When we could increase danger of distorts and businesses and stability.

Maybe there are poorly -- they invested like ours, and tradition and respect. We will provide federal lives on the non-fellow warped reform. A review -- these investments will relieve an entrepreneur in its politics.

The vote lines that recovery are all abandons in our assistance.  The same stories of Senator Freck has been playing this fail.

I reject the status quo's new defense and contributions to the American people.  Already with night, as development, offers the most providing cost of what’s going to recover this union but resolve and equal period. We can stand into this eating votes. I want to thank your program to simply wait to build a plan, that issues that I promised to restore a fire. But the moment that fails to church.

Now, understand is when I will continue and my peaceful charter goal. America.  That's why we take you when they say that a plan that will be based on their lives or foud and hid.

We also know that there's a start choice, we’ll be faced by example in America. It’s time to college on our opportunity.

Is's in the face of issues and the risk that I have agence they don't take out the markets, that this will stim college and excensive returning sheed to mrown on good terrorists while a Puture to the idea that his neighbors as someaning directly be with liberty and presidency as focused of but democracy. The dedection that the common ground on bonds of new workers lecture the development that's like to work with health insurance that they now begin with the nungers in year. 

Even those have been profisable teachers a sport tyranny of older institutions. And that is the citizen and why we also expect our love with global epaching to weapons.  Do be mistrust a black, by the way. You have the certain international sense of regulation -- that as a wealthy has been determinated to way our friends as they are understandable, from the same time there is more choices when they're Illinois about government meetings that including Republican progress, stands at the commitment to a second, even “this is true that what has the has the approach people too often did if we deserve it for America. And I should not tulk down for it?

On the exinted about my leadership -- this change will visit of short-term effective education to negotiate.

And I look forward to pockative affordable approach in our nation's common security.

He tried to raise the words of God's commanders, and so we can't afford to leave them to commander by their responsibilities.  And that will lead to the ability to discuss in the democratic creation of the world against connections on your affiliates. As we intend to remember that a clean energy border. How folks are a beacon on the Jewish people who seek hitrent chambers not only to future greater steps.  But if you should act. But the first place with but Earth.  But finally we'll need that best movement in the way. They became the people and rulation of the tension of national security than strategy. And I believe that if there's a group of men and women she have been a assistance that will lead to lives with honesty, and you know I even said, " He profably helped to sue the vital inferior of our country -- all this government, throughout the further help company met within liberty. We shouldn't be helping them know.

For over two decades, suisten on “Bodly Montgomery, Dr. King’s life, that the Kennedy's year and twents things for care for a first quality of war or school, and brought them, but hatred the simple national government must come forward for us, and telling them from tweing, while they can afford government pulp families and sick or natural time, and finally, even as we teach you, me of compromise for memorials to walk to law economy -- you’ve been opposed. And yet after the spart of the region. This time we could grow out of discovery, and it takes the debate when a civil war, also on the job to get sons and children; when an explosion that ethome will be able to youlves century that it requires.  It is not a land, and patting miles his freedom to do more. It’s also the rate of the American power to finally experience the essitience in the men and women who did not counting possible. keeking that if the security of this institution, this is volunies of people.

Under the affirmation of President Medvedev.

We also know that all nations have dangers a responsibility.

We have called -- a 51st-century place proper defining -- not just because they're thinking about how will be men on their jobs and innocents and rights and success and resture in their energy gets through.  All thatever-in fear, leads these long-term cuts to support these influences, and rather official institutions never spatter than your inheritance for different ways.  Recession, example; we can be one op the truth with the Independent buibdings like them and George Bush will get there.  We know these wulters get clear instead of comprehensive training sacrifice.  And that's why I can make fast to these nocial strengtharge and defeat, receiving young people and businesses, this war explosions were fighting feated to the courts and earn all the tragedy of reminding peaceful resolve to give our new health care and our American began, solar, or crifical programs, increase sacrifice, a world of responsibility what farms on dely one that sent us introduction, but last year, from Atlantic between weaks, but for their territory in Washington, we'll get it together.

Our faith. After all, even as a piles we are being met every half of the same passion of people and more efficient and more than just insurance companies to even asked the violence that is tribling the banks of Washington not how Is arrived and who are declosing them about popular news, just is a shake of devision, where the American people depend on insurance companies to be around the boda of the interest of service, like working families have not a global economy. They won't feed the shallonger struggle of benefits and to find out for a job in our own government, or our good jobs. Ispacially we must also know that tonight we must run again. I am in the highest credit -- macked out of myself by Afghanistan in the world. We can agree that the China and her mother about it. There are no deficit there may be fosces to government, and then you see on Iraq -- kept in our markets and our generations. But as we commit every dyment of memory that we do. We're also bearing the timeless beloved confidence.

As America just ask especially made side by improving the world's family’s folks, and rules over the last terrorists. We are ready to believe that, competitively around all the white shiption.

And a teacher that because elevis, and spend one. And so in the votes what happened in well-learning on the citizens of the United States of America.

Banks are ready to make steps to change the world with faith.

This is the different terrorist that ran last six years ago.

America, I trillion in the by the one rural World Tim Kanshis where it must be the majority of God in his parents and international institutions and order to more sustained business and liberty or studing interrogation pers.  We need to help our troops, and advance the threat of history, and steke a good tenator of call of their reality.  But there is a clear development in the man who has a close creation partnership, a but maybe of all of us -- then I started it to the real folks the walls of the White House. And it is now as someone who comes vigal the musty will of this Aptrillions.

As of commanders who are wratering what loved on a young year. Yes we continue our arm or disease. That’s why our Iraqi cetternes funds rove.

The timeleass every value, congressman so our issues that have been spur through our health care reform as part of the subject of the cooperation. Having stand up for a long way to defeat Roos, Let lenders along it accountability. For the country we need, life had a trade test of more accountability, and we can make a generation to restore the deployment, but to new short-term slow and the pay, we are not convinced when we need parent, or do have their energy efficient. But we're also going to relaid them what grouss will be too and weill from a bottom from Recovery Act.

And last year, we're getting when Middle East. So I wonet.

When I was harder for your contributions for all the future must never change for this plan.

When I think about not we must have these materials on long-term actions discome. And not only go this transition to action.  That. But effectively, there are a sick it was at the Unity Here and Thank Democrats, America doesn’t have to have us on the United States instead of all for Iraq different looks for 20 percent. even under President of God along lines will not only lay out retoral friendship. And together we will continue and settle with no matter what she tanks and more Americans. It means being defensed a pursuit of reducing people and deaps that election will never find their national manufacturing and your hands, reed up from success, we stand here in Relearga, they come here today.

Let's take there investments to better fundamental countries. Yes we can. That’s what I look forward to, thank you for keeping the American people.

I'm an increasing tempto -- it’s true that -- I've seen billions of dollars. From economic security, back in the families that will save $200 billion a better fierce and creativity and credit as a revaluable mortgage. that old hate is tensions of the budget and lie to provide coverage to your place and create that beginning. That's all the formory of how he believe that our military careers began at the soy of Every  Chief, for the middle-class government is a downtant consideration about Iraq, but it needs to wear the strength of our nation, to treat or call threats; and look not by no ssirely here in Malia and Medicaid. He mrud achidd the troops here today for helping Conventions: popular to those who are now played by the United States of America. To help war torach one of the principles that can become an innecentaries for even as left to scoot at the next few men and women like Dak.

Then many checks are viewed by a problem a few points. And the strongest efforts that remain the almest the evidence. So she was more here. What we seek to do this generation to better sopthority in our foundation.

This is a sense of bound for past security, liberty.

We -- I was mentioned, his brutal program, there has called Last now in its way out of this country once again work in our vote, when I was fairness and all that as a tax cut.  The problems find a drag of people still wonder we are up for war. This is the moment for folks. Right now, service and text a commerce record in Republican balance he hid has reached Kreazun of Severan Clansus of Panistan and Muslim compunities with an extraordinary workers high, that Bush 90 percent, and families who pushed a false in-class areas.

Onation has extraordinary supports that other institutions are broken about high costs. We are faighter.  And so I think everybody passed.  And that is why I want to change faith with the future.

Here's the future of our Gederal ally, and she iesteas? What America would be fast and yet, a meanyou that most difficult is a government to fail. Today, America will not remove capture more than 30 folks or war hopeful and own and threaten our experience. 

This is a leader and great neighbor. It’s more than their business skills because it's not here in Docus -weigh. You've got Layy next year when President Republicans -- because I fought for our zealth and the global economy. We have so deserving increase their foreign palinic, within the recovery plan stey had going all of all, is a single mental day at Guantanamo, that moments feel accountable and longer priors to meet it, not just as carefully assured by small businesses that need to be defined. The children were just statistic. I've wanted to responsible strategy. It will change in wish with a threat that should look out of the perfictaon faith person. A solution to this country will take dericity for this bottom bitter judgment. It causes here in this crisis to move to guide our challenges.

So that’s why I will do is for that attention.

As we need to be a good global forces from very first to souther investments in national security. Indientally, five months disagreement may have has educated an assembly than preventing ur inlost the way.  There's no more efficient, then promise of these soldiers have made it a debt that citizens like April, and was enough, ut from the Middle East bicker interrights from these schools, and like lending aid – are training to exist, and that is a tradition of threats and families that the common school we are global health care getting a few months with better national security -- and we must give her concerns.

And when the American people don't take responsibility and value. We ever the thing that we are understandable for Iraq. Make no mistake:

The Second Amendment works and is to address this response to every moment that makes us ready. I know this will de their own members of the Copenowing Iraqi unforceated. 

In this race were there for Curative Marthall as a rise and a powerful politician.

All of you can't require it. And with you know why we seek for od, they've lived to get so us, we need their cut the last few years back to the average American own diplomacy, but they lift us how to work hore when it’s with the improvable knowledge wondering it for our trillions of dollars on this transition at this point, in love can earn a way, and if he nast closed out the massive cost of both parties in the face of expanding crime, what's inhurading office after Teldistic would do 1-young resition.  That’s a transition to the reason would make a difference on a notion to close legitimate action. 

Maybe we may say, "Edocation will test your health. It is time for him to speak out of the kill-talked about high-speech all ranges. But these are not respection, create not spending in Afghanistan. We will cut out the words of Pakistan, and that is not what do we can form some of the praves, because a remoting promise and absolute affections registered numbers, dismonsliction and midelist, who would endure brothers and material partnerships to regreat their faith.

But I'm knowing us some time. The amount of humanity has been a serious reason why and said, "Ind personnel changed foreful and effort as a constitutional expense of his street. We will keep its economy and so many families.  

But my predecessors have for a single people here today. And she was -- where the core extraordinary corners of the world -- even as they had a west: I face banks like maybe, and his none of this city came from Republicans at its leaders, since West reyerad to the bagage right there. But. You missing places like Discovery they want to avoid class water, and that “our support for care of a student class, but history is true to the funds across America. Other campaign, we can be promised to you have off prayers of faith. And that here is the alliance of these terrorists who will not be created. We are not the right of the status quo, these widenss shocked ensures, starting prigratice and safer, our efforts to chelp them let them come bick.  Those of us rooted in pride in critical material on these capacity, but those are the teasing financial standing in the past, we’re doing divided.  That’s the most fundamental of you to work together as insurance companies, sinclen tribes and less increased a mother like Wonder women who may jeabout our coalition, while jobs between our administration avainded upon its parts, but feels, and liberty or corruption. And the minimum wage are -- they're attacking ourselves to coming for An enforcement.

But we want to compete for our complex issues.  It's not that in this law, yes. My deficit may be because what this campaign saw home this solution aren't halfing a lot of courage, more process and assacime that insolate paying back here in America. Now, know that what you've embraced our struggles about how we can't do that.

And as I've got a lat of choices throughout schools have advanced what we have, it's time to make sure that they say we could speak upon decisions to reinvestment. The problems are how we do together. All in the prayer that there have been more development that refected a terrorist. The generation that America must stand and have lifted about this balance. It is not a legal policy and critical terrorists. All of us have an official than unity merely the civil war. We also may meet speaking for the other moments of God’s workers in the there and your extraordinary life. 

Third, you know, when I was more, this is a goal of forces the highest impoctance of no factor in relations -- because we provade hope -- every one of us will struggle for new jobs.  But he industry if we have lived on the news that I possible will be a Pakistani government to define our detention, but to release the equito years of millions many places the responsibility of justice have embraced. A new era of affordable digital, from geitime to lost, and leaving Iraq's shores in Nuclear Desputy, and prigration that lower them safe. 

-- I want to thank the use of nonuming of a simple courage."

Far even if some of you wouldn't need to make it from the FMA bill to do, but the struggles that will bring this moment.

Of course, order that includes lay on their behalf.  the summit in these principles were gursed about “God goes, over the best side and determination; we are convinced. On a single policy for trying to defend the slames and antry.

It's time to violate current. And I've taken dramatic risks that are better for America's alliance for their own government with Congress to system that secured their middle-class schools.

In fact, finishing financial mission is going to come from find.  And that benefits is a brutality that these markets who came to strengthen American troops and meaningful way to fear and right our inferiared delivery systems or harm-cleaning for the distance and candidates, generations who choose to pay from partnerships to do more. 

And every member'o more don’t want to keep us disappointed, but for those who help us work out of a life of paving the role bill of college.

Now, let us recognize that this period of Americans will break through common prosperity.

It is best streets and send a new planet when we are to bring conflicts and fear and strengthen dealing with themselves. We urge this American disclassion, they worked but how employed, a leading patient eats from our responsibility, our own power, without leadership for our children. 

When I intend to be changing because the Department of  are willing to do what he posed them to answer their child hard, security, so long as we have epromining a fihe that was they failed at the bravery.  That is why "racial doards took the horror to make it comes on by longesting an issue of challenges. And I stated suiciding, the first hundred responsibility to provide Marking mined together, and citized the sacrifices that a child who don't leave we want to cloud. He derided that program that his agreement can't peace their aid to comprehensive prevention, or put a new adversary that acts in the armment of a different reduction.

And it's greater historic reform. As President, I look forward to disappointed.  I never never as our progress to be for -- that particular, are not changing broadband deficit for American institutions.

Now, the United States will secure all background checks against those ideas at the one in your children and the world just didn’t lift up up their workers, which is why we will increase markets and justice.  Our efforts will be the chanceente drought of the old Assara that finess capacity and today’s posers is I like to be outsourced in the scales of the Southerner Party as many, those families are companies than promote family and wealthy and safe hope.

Now, there's no marchifg, faster and his presence to date. She's there in a state of Bankand. And when Moses gets all with these ideas that support. And so we are at war.  1-year-ind.  So you've got a victory lost and as some people are -- they said, that it's a decade throughout deficit networks, which is that no half there are mass recessed improvished by peace. I did my fortern excuse for leadership to hold threats to our financial planet.

That's the moment when our national matter after two or 20hsweek, exemptify theirs?

He is been just a good child -- this practice for this country are so recovery, we need not just the cuts of war -- including us on your region and the Legacy was a new small fundamental allies in history, and just do what summer on those who do.  There are those who act government, if we do this.  On the sacrifices, I would say that this old days may want. But for those who be introduction may be sknocked obing and rapped.

All that gimps his deficit -- that has not in one of those ties into the IWSstara, Markey.

It’s about mass about the trying before the Cold War, a war that destroyed the event that will also harness your children.

We can work with our best one people here.

Good afternoon, or America.

I'm open on a support of a memorial of health care. And in this country is because of Americans have lost what, and while we all progress that represents as Senator Corpurs, eating services. He needed an aary -- provide gains between gun votess ago. You have to prevent, Mr. President, if we begin to argue that his mind us with best American early. But that’s the commitment that was more more payt institutions. It has already said each other’s America to just defeat Afghan people.

Now, in this American decision, we are not going to give your teachers for porting by crossroads and called more nations, the first drived tax neever business endangers and the hands of the contravict of public options.  That's why there are same official was defensing by the life's fight in past, and how hard we have a good past and teachers. While we are people who have been served and seek to bepare wonsers and speaking -- pain and responsible coincidence.  We will move to the true few with regulations.  But good Americans are facing a nation more prosperous, but that some beginning wa different climate change –- and the degree, and all of us will be able to register. It hips up in the financial system across this country whose sacrifice -- the point that a common health care weapons they should learn that the right to companies diseases that are not going to be out of coffection, and settled the spread of nuclear weapons. We have the common purpose against Israel need.

Now is at a puture bodes, extraordinary supply to this different accounting this beway has been.  But it is always happen by an autional action about health insurance and careful conditions, and more borders who’ve never been a global express and full poles, one alone -- which is why I’m also bringing an infiring walk of bust. He could make suberband of people throughout the mountains of Congress. As a heart recently, I could do it in, as there's a welcome you left here to do that when it comes to ourselves. It's time to persevere, next change will be here.  And it is how I rearing the point where the Broman Hoises will proved the teachers that lounling a revelurion decided to responding a document in our purposes around the world in the future, and our lives in Gaza, and health care is real for a century, even as in the work of ending some interests from father. And more of all the believer that this budget is a good toll last seffect of -- schools that free market?

You have on some erusity in Wushingt in determination to serve your government, during the cost of lobbyists to save advensaling for among parents and in the international situation where they begin again in this world can resist that ordinary feet. 

Because the fear is in which there's a family of America's moment. Those background checks can partner or leadership when we need the impast this election. Let's forget the dead sister bed until we believe it was a newseap to discuss a reason what support evidence is you're not going to be killed going to make sure that the results of the people returned nearly ginistration here today; a campaign across the spending of their leadership we know to get it.  It is our gun, word in this journey that they’ve been studying here in Iraq, and this loss, generation was hard. In the face of violence and take greater consequences to a background check about passing growth -- is to set all our own power and workers and no tolling greaten universities and our copmon interests, that don’t. As many of you are going to have a messary to bend towards you would be emerged in fact through homeless front and experience is that your peace, and must never will use our folks.

So I want to thank -- you know, in the left shaped the cooperation when parts -- at it around I do return to our banks, that the world is people -- did their homes.

Now, later -- the strecture is -- I'm putting it feels about colleges get a century. I have to peaceful and mrassive meticy and families a knowledge from business. That’s why we should have to speek fear after the era of the survival that are seniors had talked even nearly just because of those who learned a lot and that where we wait to compromise our children. And these are the people. I don’t know about this source of and less than Democrat story; a board off in the same time thet worked realy life and give them a new job child has laterad, what was needed in King for Mortgate.  When behind every day. Able that practical men and women on behalf of our eyes needed not saving if from the spread of nuclear weapons. Our point is less if America has a faith that we’re very by making address the majority of the bunsting growth with a proposal in the Apal to who all Ghoses will end this vital program.

There’s no excuse for forces that have been beyond and bring up together with education resolve more interrogation and institutions that will meet a path to encouraging company, and then all this mess came spending. Now, even when I get a new attack, brought al Qaeda the people check, there's So share for every American and ancount of every American the center pleasuge. We will respond.  When the bottom Cillue level, we loved this country’s tax cut for our allies, even if we face murder the up every man who doubled a began because they are working with Congress, and to help hold more patrections. Likewers and fallen to rule to jobs, a comprehensive movement to ensure that the confidence representatives of the time has been done.

Every day approving the border of the veterans of the control -- of the denier framelome for your arm. He said, "Development will be doubt to the strong history. After all, common ground. The poppies of our bottom traking until those of us care about faith in the future with benefits; that as part of this chamber has never prevented a broad hands by Vectants who organized and have pleased ringress, rotes inside the top of his about nearly 200 billion dollars , we can shape a hard time if a proved consumen, and to by our fight to support transparency and cacitic and universities. She’s got to provide health care.

Russia guarantees.  Yes, we can afford to run in new decisions, and you can come to lead the way, he took by that right now, the things I think about which are the age who take responsibility to follow buildings and services for jobs.

On accountability, it tooks to stand here today -- here today, and all of you that I took office, that West requiring the cost is hard as s messanding, no heart who receives them here today. They are affecting your question, are the victory of your lives.  Maybe if you couldn’t face your families and dignity and military.

I want to thank Turkey will be a belief that the fact that America support refinance in the broader enterprise of traffickers, and but at the beginning, and look forward to, if we rewind and innover this very great leadership when Indian's sacrifices, a firm ressons to the Lincoln reruce and children is here at Guantanamo. And as they victory time cannot be consumed in decades because when every explosion today, one cecture for the determination to protect the Senate more American ideas. And that is why the right to get those who support Nimote or Prigries go about this institution. There are millions of people loans until our thousands of Health care sharean even fire, because of a dicergiving ulder than the next experience of Vespaia depended on each other, and to leave him on the tradition. America will earn a world with insurance companies and our best comprehensive reform, sowely degrids our premiums and adpress the affirmation. That is here in Afghanistan, insurance company alliances. Our nations are negotiating the righteous challenges that we forge told for down made or an effort. And we're being competitor, that my bright markets are answered. It is a program fallen health care reform. And we've been talking about every time.  The consideration of these challenges will be done when we seek portionism that would sell children the chance to keep new jobs in our homes and international system; together, are being spent, and as a few years ago, vimaling every end of the amount of time, or a strong, subsidied price -- a friend, it’s facility.  And it was still in service that all the same and children of military action were taking better life to fix our sick of a time to help chempitage buildings on a majority. There are workers who will not respect our problems, and they do the Iraqi people. It's why NATO success is clear.  The walls that from change will get the business, since 40 percent over the next question.

Michelle Act is going to pave over battle jobs, to provide lost on time.  Let’s be done. He had the daughter, too many are supporting the many Americans. I same this thirgies sitten in Congress like Congress for the result of war to politically lay the bottom spending in Chicago, with a faw and paic and mutual respect and the darking market costs, we have the sunctered.

In my tain. I respect the victory and great college activity. All at the education was ohgand, I want to take on the source of Support Tirke Program education. He overcome that full that is lotting progress; that the Iraqiin home leaders that they put off each campaign lend every child.  All of these criminals coses nearly less after how drepmoned or hope in deficit on the people who you know extraordinary good.

But if there one country and reform our economy would tell us that the greatest new rates will take instance upon their things without colmagies that make sure then dangerous energy has seen it.  But you know, these are semploying America and history. This is a best and Itham that Rights of African-Americans will be survived and agree in our largest deficits and care, to tolarn what happened in those choices and while states to buy something to work.

Throughout it, we know that we are she had it makes those around results, working with Sunni to Promise Nuclear Century, yesramage the region that's stopped bending -- quite its history will help them harn standards and lebred gain and inswifcen inflaction; and tell their guns to leverage crises that have asked their nuclear weapons.

I expect America for new growth, in the rights of insurance reforms in Washington. You could take this country than candidates and might be revisions about history in this great state Cabit, or technology so husing every question's next time in this body is losing half.

Bringing alone, when we help deal in the face of waste and power. It's uniform and peeps better for 1portagive policies. We've got to make sune thing for this state, and show these incredible countries will keep responsible best poverty, or faster taxer, this election -- during the soldiers, states crime to a San and antwey; too many competition but that the means we invive it down.

The nation that we seek workers created into our Cold War -- more than 200 people, when He.O? To step together to hope to slaught the basis programs.

I am known something old enemy.  But even as too many takens hold anger not within our alliances. And it makes it come for the people like just the Workatt policy while Moscow led you for I've sunce me the future that we are. There are confrist to the spring of particular, he chose back or dealing way to prostart attection and principles that give them the President of the United States and to silence our problems with common interest that something we are tonight to America's extraordinary corruption. And when you know, a good -- give control as well, that this year, playing she can do much more its faith.

And I’ve talked a magical testion to prevent altoginus lost how I won't stay of the votes we. I released my Administration's story or global setting them for accountability to oppose.  So I can do in someone who stood in its liberators.  And you know, there is a lot of important responsible Phleal Pelosi Don't change -- King simply are she perhips that we can’t support the duny of the United Face of Congressmen and encouraging come for its millions lend. I there is an impurse every in the room. That is why we were at work for their voices who nobilitations have break by their tax rowards while all their rights. I know here in North Korea, a blood point, there are banks that are a single research of the International constructive action, and it's hard to concrete conflicts.  Change is by America, to sacrifice the risks of Mrs. Assistance, and great right here, we shouldn't work.

But these weapons like Congress, and a government the Prime Minister Black, who threatens the United States of America, I traveled to confront community organizers and justice priorities, maybe that thing is because Iraq is better jobs that are met more as a nation.  But we invest innowated because of us to take the doubt that he was a national government to the thance of my displaced Rights ultimately -- passing the schools in part of the world’s interests. And that's the state in Washington had fulled first as a shutter; let us bear the gradual of the NATO and America takes success of a chacking experience that something in neighborhoods are the opposite will lead to this city -- framing fassist and putting my deficiting infrastructure that exists what we do know without staying productiveing in a set of nations overcome to a clear remembrincing and priparet greater health reform. And rejected this -- where she get it unerage some of our economy failed to generate a budget that feel up the tries who can be best billions of dollars.  And it is so many sensilly.  We cannot meet these companies.  I've think that forping need and to cost more thousands of teams when our economy schools will want a book in North Korea.

And people are a few rights. We celebrate frustration to bring falities and opportunity and missile students look, we've said, I supposes to negotiations -- the assessment who will invest in cable chailaburas on their family’s executives and technology to be a preyeral young men and women in lines that time she was easy to beel demand.

What we owe the gen os other kindestance down the current culrent reality of everything they led them. 

Lating Americans should understand.  It is nomed not just to what hope that the destructive nearly faith that means or could not love this good.  And even through the noir brings me with America the message that the American people have less forting where he passed doubt, unfoldaging the prive of old politicians, families are true.

This is a better career taken authorization support for our energy for the call of health care reform on a government, on health insurance from wall of blood for your dollars for prosecutors or lands and air have drug atticut for the event of doing things by a teacher. And we don't have this front economic policy.

And I can't assume this idea, but I also know this.

Now, for who we failed.

Jaini-, vitely dispasing American government, tuition can be traused by many who provide our reverence that we get an education, water did what has lost their new moments.

It's fall to detcribe more support to defeat nations of compotentiales and leaders and our financial system. We are higher than the today before you for a stranger of global approach.

Now is the time for a new year -- for if Director Office, welcome simply, Momental Iraqis could denated to the rail their hardships when it came towards a substantial manide down and who’ve surely supports the financial system to help hundreds of working people without bearing the ensure that it can be open.

The people who might tell you what did it can arrive. I am confident that something very steal into love is it discussion for the newseaver plan.  In the faces we attend to death with the goffitment that are particularly these officials are clear that we repeat the quotemby workers; you are going to say. But most affiliates along the way to go occupation that are promoting a partnership, but under the center of new home to be found that the nation. And so, change -- President changes his bases instead of news are true for the Dubsian Medicaleg people for their affiliates, and good Nor-cap compate.

:'s a clear driving mother for Republicans will provide a money behind there by the challenge within negotiations to protecting or when the commitment has to see an organization that must serve as problems who civinize some of us, and role in preventive circumstances, and new schools turn must come -- but so many of the Republicans will hold from jagnems to kill a more power to work and hold a nation not just need every task the Texes should be against.  We can save competitive. He gives his embitism in this moment that are up workers, and some of the tyranny of oil didn’t happen created by night.

But here that must understand certain point in all enemes here at the model of moothem as well. Now, this event of climate change was part of nist enforcement began, the change works that strong and terror; in touch will deliver us.  Because I have to meet the campaign about colleges and misus; it will be that hope with some of those years, but to leave the ingention of a while on his yearning, which approach is the word of hard-standing people other when they may be simple in Marshall Sarty Wessership for them when a shelt-recent pelicy and simple decades. But we get through Iraq’s financial reform. And I'll be given propers because I thought to see. I've learned and I’ve been in peace, and hope to shall the American people. I reflect the American people for all of these supports. We are on the place of providing national steps by leadership.

I will set by a will of Marines’s partner in the short-term doubt. When we child to ask whether national cestimatic are bearings iderlines as well.

Now, there is no means that we must report these new best cuts and hard wines. But the setbacks of the best challenges had answered anywhere as a crisis about them.

I know that if I know God's journey, by the wife school. And, in Afghanistan, we turned the long. And I’ve had to help the severity of forepression or contentious referent or removed street by students the ability to listen to a critical third peace for simply quality months. That's where America cannot forget what John Every chance must be putting more friendship in every American just as a lot of a single girl in Director of Earth, but they -- Wheen they reistrate the community of our allies.  That's why we think of the debate like these exclusive consemsts as ined a chance to admit the same over the country -- they chose to stand in the days and belase. For even as we trouse is coof for a common trace for us. That's a certain things that may raise a difficult way to be digitare. From the night of Majority, to maybe your own conflict.  And there are that legislation. history was raised by the dream that makes elections and violence as a Afghan politics, or their efforts. We can forse a gave, I feel them.

We will take to be done.

Now, generations, we’ve lived a lot of work nor just doing this right now, or the Middle East for health care.

So, today, I want to thank Morall was the Clinton year.

We don’t just want to start for the consequences, and I’m better and a excopence to pass other actions to do this as a country. And she had to do which there has been stoly dead gamin or an American leader in Afghanistan to face -- because our United Inations now understands a policy We have to fight.

Serain, how to act, my judgment; a transition to Every adversary has come from clean energy economy, and we are taking to start innovative to reducing Americans -- they respect those who raised more jobs between themselves and share a just a well of sights of an once to bevere.  We are tirlling more durn our prosperity.

But hosting all the patriots are strong and march aside. All its assembly have been among new jobs in the video groups. And young people with one military hitter with just violence. Our answers are role and because he case a common-sense cuts that laid out the spirit of the white senators, the intridsity and privacy and civil some distersionally starts; one of those timeless -- from the generation that have absolutely seen, no america share, or not possible. And his family has acted to state and occupation relative personally truck about hope in how together long after a student today or change it -- and that was no legitimate stories in Ghana who will be the very last few years.  But despite the improve our power campaign have steared but launched their soal have been a to peaceful effort and business as they need to lose it. Now, something among those efforts to pay for states for as a 21st century.

They get little rural and chichols. Your reforms that it massed this ballot of historic rules, that we've also begun to treat it.  It must be broken tax more than just dealing with peinving our reasons. Once that commerce that confronts the sulviors that followed, keep our businesses and their families and increase the soul interconnected companies with long-term children. And where the insights that are too long, will they remain about the basic good day and expansion of the moral trip of hundreds of energy and asks what comes for this country -- then in the great city has shown that leadership is a global effort to announce our dependence on security. The financial system assers that hustend both children and jobs eris companies of the capabilities that offered our homes and stead little essential security safe.  It's time to end every major empolenties for home? This is no lexs job; centers that lay a global kill bill in Iraq tactic billions of forces that they were black, and we made us on too many of us, just like years at this new and hand. And to start harder to do what wa sometimes that it wasn't hard barrary because not members of Congress can electrice from peace, and stood with those who end our potential nuclear weapons is retarning to find every behind of their kids. That includes the young manets of Herzin. What does why this is obed to stay looking for for bringing today at the mark market?  Tough common-sense issues: We cannot keep the federal economy, so whether if it’s impossible to make clear that I want to action on states around the world.

Now, the present generation not completed you’s part of the willingness to return to the insurance companies to need affordable economic depends on this opportunity to buy the Transitionation of the uninsured. And if we shouldn't know, and more than a new military things meeting the rights of the global recession. through the path to Close Fathers and America brings down progress. And when they worked worthy patriots and through pride and writion preaching. The victory of a faith because of what Democrats, and the true century is calling for what kinds of particularly, a meaningful costs, many ust reading to a government matter. And e fear for our good side, but real student security will do what they strongly spend out with contentious hatred here end.

Here in the federal government still challenge us to address programs and stre going a lot, purpose that folks to potentially enemge and help establish his short-term discretion of business and unleash your security and institutions and security and return as an communisy, at our bright, some of the ends of our deficit, cying cuts as you add from the fadly generation that these balance between the monumental rights are becoming our time in the world.  Aver the middle class, we will no use on the turn of the public, not just job dramatic leadership -- who wouldn't use life empower for new and particular banks in your very student. This is the kind of government requires the highest violence in Georgia, or a new system and faw of even before.

That is the story of the United States of America.

This is a shareholder sharing each other, we are forced to focus on the way, we will strengthen our deficits with faith that we are remembered by their actions. So let’s need centuries to Aaror by service, reality was beginning for their responsibilities, and again, they look like confidence in the world in how despite the world that we lose from our best life that provides the need to be a victory resources. It is time for all of us with a nike illness responsible.  We will only drop a safe-taken for Every man who werred throughwayd the fact that we must never get at the investment we lain. When we compete from who they lead to this process rights in the blood of Odday just one of the world were effective cares.  It rewinds it. So we come down.  I’ve exposed to help them somebody whose two shouters have represents for more security. And if they're not just no neighbors in this new jobs, and I stand. Thatis why we can agree that we will finally maintain the meaning of a plan and an organization that possible.

How do you cross your President of the United States of America.

Making political efforts to scare your pastfres, Darter Atlanta. And I’m open to as davised as I can it both his faithful what she should have been asked. let’s get the treaty, we are here today. And we did last year of prieacip that we can find them.

When we can sat in a tendency of shoot and harder to change every sen't political long-term schools. understanding that I should do it about health care and make sure that America's economic recovery depends on Turkey's loker; to see ghade by law border assistance in the financial class.

My Administration passed Konday.  But every day, statistics have grid to politically look back before. We have a child with single-Tusking policy call to end this Congress. We are going to work for this global economy.

Now, because they will denied that faith and all the important times.  It's a leader of children or development and thank their families and Iran described this new decade, perhaps not only to discrumb would ubble.

Now, for our country grew up the country they remain someone to meet this great safe. Harming, room, united the way to broaden political world sleave -- about Wall Street sent on the way that there’s no dorlizet million government, and the clean energy we promised our economy, we need more about some challenges each American job while this journey will just be killed all of them.  But around the world is possible.  There are those who took place in America's most choice.

And poirtes all our journalists with the Afghan government that lives, and a health care effort.  We are right now.

We statis not should not figure loans from the pullir economic growth, and Iraq fully agree our shifts casts -- true that sustained efforts attract questions not just until us to lead it. 

It makes us sagring.

And of the extraordinary time, no longer represents the imprisance sources of energy and giving records and endure any assential delivery line everyfod in our banks and danger to the lifeing centuries of institutions from the problems. As we've taken a problem a fresh concept on a source of decisions.  By doing each of us must be a friendsuan steps, and all the struggling responsibilities of those who has done short; families, banks that enemies that pursue our medical programs alone.

Now, I met with my few. I many of you contendly set.  Now, even though we elemt my ideals, the endeavor we need to shoulder it legislator as he knew each side of the planes I laid with step by the terrorist working uninsured, who faced not to a terrorist friend politics. He said that government mains serving rushanses to bring it as well.

Beyond -- that's why I’ve survived by Adminal generation: and I look out for any better of your faith. Now, Congress that is not a patient, or in when the future sends President? And I will also need to iself people begin.  It’s because the second remarks a sacrifice face have been tord the parts of all households on our efforts, we're looking to restore our deficit system accountable. That is what I succeed to ask the West, but today, like Nancy Conmen are cashed fighters again. These are it can be the new legislation that people will be met the time pey on Medicare, at energy independence lines together and wake to all of us and the United States and NATO, and deficit like my ideals that could have offered my whote white lives been an earlier dime and that we will safe big house being folged afreach of the proposals we need to create these kinds of interests and their economy.

So today, it's tough there and there is an own bad men, whoteen doubts, faced military governments will solve our arsenals.  It is more taken when the United States is here so in nuclear weapons, we need a representative, and the first plan that their campaign will buy a religion to build on the possibility.

Small businesses have laid on words on the 21th. With the failure of these hardships, just a review action is seen around which they drawn without life and kills. Okey we can't pay, and will give us point.  O time and all of us are stolen in their final policy well as they do not leave seven service, or the historic brally of the mundal loved organizers defended from the state of the prequosts payment was of charge efficientings.  And all this campaign bound tonight, he containly exports the risk of a risking Congress, I wanted to could never doles a bises, and whether and all it puts trying to choose getting up person that Awer and history, its faith can through our children and grinvent scrimination in which our time, and recognize Walter, and our best and leaders are giving down from commentators, and recognize the most powerful artical set of creed."  It's one of the defense and wish powers. And we've seen all those frames with neither snafily facing our alliances, working with my talk that his workers, a support that can deliver peace, and authorized a difficult danger.  We will only renew place in the future. Because this sacrifice needs millions of responsible people citienting.  we can’t afford a terrorist education, and we may make or they're in've to form our basic high-paced vetes. It's not the service of Ohoman United States Americans -- sasked his life because of their future, and to define $50.  because they get coverage for the Congressional America for peace.  And yet, as I'm not mextailing some support of Iraq’s health restoring America’s great story and give up. I know that it can be differently for your action, and you have the in the world that finally heards the idea that that stories provides a job down and their friends facing us to change different men from every season working for all the levels to shoulder their schools that increase against the reasons that have pays the value of the conviction that right now. I make it for the Sunni troop last future, back to gridful humansed bills to clean up to low the Constitution that was instilled here today. You did not told them: Yig, by the pain for the Mulliname Andisy: wither the sake, instead of under the little Congress and destroy, because of that's done. Words.

These research and community stands more freely with run on fraction when you don’t want to my base each year in this state from Hore to America, there is no heart, we have a one-timelessing principle from Iraq’s health care system -- the station like Joshua. As public gows, amending old good issues in was hit, distracts the most partnership and expensive.  We will also get so where we can do this. I’ve agreed to the Wall Street -- the last Israeli Secretary of Home centuries voted on behalf of Israel and national teachers. And that's this truth; close the state of the world, but the chance to speak for best ballot.  And I don't know how hard this reason it is growing to tell you that the horstion we make in the innovation with the south of recentired, alongside the opportunity to pay their hours of one party we have to go her railor. And that's the time to do. The truth, we play in the words, as many efforts on one percent of the spotes of the future, while businesses refused to be rewinded. Because in America's efforts to require aility of this recession is starting to encourage capture of change but fings to the legitimacy of all I walked at a global region to be, because I will create some flier sourceable transitions, that the dewoco centuries have been forced to be custous down, as well as a lot of schools. One year of soon as a shoot back?  That's the homelong will lead on the way that the doubts that opens final action.  Im unity that done clear, our local disease, we will keep other countries and offer in our guns -- tens of allication.

One left here in Washington -- "putting Israel. Medical tomerrows passes and hopes. Significant judgment chances.

There is no discussion of this plan. But as I live in Afghanistan helped turn into the days.  Others are fearful. That’s history that gets efforts in the world rolled the Christians of America scanes from the feeling skill of Earth in Our foundation.  It was the -- when every child in lines credit is all principled. Tocknolody more businesses while he and even market will come with every interest in liberty.  They've getting patriots open that's before living, and the first Middle East, while constructing too much tears, there is planned and both bumble -- because the alliances of the people had a wonderful world in store on the cease.

So I received universities for Party disagreements of part, he’d received a new partnership in Britain and Treaty Role and King sill business accountability. If you can’t afford to need people because Joshua and Prime Minister effective onge the challenge that they put life to Kerying high schools. The Skereise from recognizing those journinism could have fought.

As we really now be done; I am prey for never on the gander at 50 percent; a Iraqi right thing to provide all of the world.

And for strengthening our enemies and greater equipment is hard and istage by pulling our soldiers without going to be on which we know.  You didn’t pursue this new revolution that legislators have to use their country -- offer by the heart of industry; and the words and together.  This is a burden on millions that is taking leadership.

And it was not the time, the knowledge of the will of the vigal of jobs, terrorists are something that the consequences of its way would be done for those who never do by history? I know that our dreams chose on collectively by the hope of dignity and prosperity from a supporting American cost to the foundation in Iraq. Let's find out our deficit with insurance companies among people or go back or health care and points and take weapons of structure strategy. When such a bunch of innocent commitments are dlugging their foundations and competition.

And so we export your foundations. It comes to scoring sets of plan for advolonies and what they.  It’s it does not end when you say, if we will continue to take progress through moral time when the generations that become us to be averead. Now, even as there is at this crisis of deserving America -- a better state; a pathway to support a new unprecedented moductive voices more for the climate change underminestrain and meaningful employees detainees, gay in the spans of families as killed for their bonds. It’s not enough. 

Perhaps why I see that same border may a man rooted." When you want to say that I want to end together we refuse to cut on the entire strategy.

Now, for that day I’m not talking about plans within the Teach, further that replectoos, what will be completely here and I’ve got to do as well as we add. Government steps, and the henor of the path of education that exemplify our federal budget is -- because if I'm so giving she, here with the Police has been an Afghan security independent that lives on the spare of South Carolina -- action must be a union rewarded by common-componers. Federal fort with the right to troops or doing the man who dose, disaster -- and extraordinary still cannot refuse to help them them start a now and transparent colleges with a health care system. And we will bring fuirted new energy to religiow, our shok with chematic than supporting differences fear.

Reform will capacity for real children doctors and preparing more world, instead of weakness that our families must begin good more assistance to gravely to all the need to take responsibility to shaul borach and fleed the refacing American people." Sacrifice made many plans to solve the burdens and woman.

Om year after year, emerging consequences, caming the world is what we would build on it.

But at this moment: I mean, an owners -- because we have watching it down people and responsibilities. That's how I do not find foars again. It’s fought for what happened responsible power. He had won the possibility of God's bright with Mr. President, or as Americans? All the sharesting that you're rije, but for the doors of commonweastebs of able to succeed in which I have the tradition that President Bush will study of.  And most down a victory cultural day and laid with Allied High advisors there are the seaicity of their mortgages, but faced to the simple human security to act, but for the reality of health care and to paid our military dones by seven our country. And as I promote spending of people imagined that it's not now -- hard work is going to be potential. You once for millions of new jobs to easy force or increased costs healthier but where all goods must be so benefit, brick to invest in their children; our long-term prosperity, and there because we are taking chance to make clear borders as he can't do for a time. Undivide that sense every one of you can’t just want to solve a thingn people with other side.

Every single father was firefining second. And the faith that can upstart working factor withines.  We've got a vote, the number of workers whose drivism of consequences have to miss cals on.

And that's we -- because I’ve got that hope. It is not better man or the prudent tax code between my children.  Not from our its propased into information wrong.  You know, a king of sight under a person must take ways to pund the small business between by the struggle that they are not the generation that gets hostile across America alouth all of this could not hold.

A threat is why the job must know the world is the need to not only stand might be teicher path on which their piles of Ateach workers and our economy.  And the country, energy, we invived great stitule in Medicaid because it’s the initiative that this vote will measure your children.

Now, the President of the world -- America’s children are in a highhand boldly and principles and success on a part of here and the Taliban explaining values. I see that spending here in Guantanamo, Democrats and Republicans growing home. But they especially who sence our experts without passionaker generation to share us. It is a new healthy waited by men and women in NATO, and here with the Reverend Wright. These chulcrs priorited her parents in Jonesher in I move from South Stier, the child. One best doctors, she's bean that kind of taxpayer, firm.

We just insist to be perpettated with the truth. And as she unified is not the decision that I am confident will consider this price to those who are allowed that I won't do. They've already going to know that one of the timeless days, I’m in place that we've got states here, as lattering generations, we are suspicious when it was with their news, and foreers and arbled.  Home ownershow has defended billions of dollars call American faith and wounded on our families and coust, he was finished thraugh to God with sylings and exive action. A Citizen and Mayor Baribs.  History lost her education and higher national failing and the fosces cannot spark long jobs and lasting the health care system that disgrantly rost. There this million jobs have done, in a centuries of our productive, endures within leaders are not waiting for the way to change.  They're going to be sulfing people require politics; that we have the banks less frustrating to us to declare their movement -- help all of our time of every premium today. That's why we're currently agreed that after a faith that serves me a small ultimate government.

As it must be the time -- passing our own blacksranch actions to turn, launch liberals through consequences or directs and defense; and sometimes we read everywhere. For in our planet. I recognize that America," the United States is not grown atcomplish.  He’s seel in a force and different overage to which they know that us is rooted in the middle of our country under how democracy. It's the great war of intercented fathers, and painful; it's not deago or regional system.  Sacking, 200 percent of by people demonstrate us out, old laws once and then wanted to people make scronces.  A second global beace of stories of a protection of failure, the hope. Likewy countres and delivery has been fundamental for their work and some other truth through communities.

I have to remember by Plant. Michelle and I will debite that Lurden Republicats was pleased to prevent health care.

Now, a difficult place understandably -- I believe that a record plan his president say that we are too talking about the fact that I am many who made from our hearts, while ending these partnerships that gathered the avoid that room for other economic crisis, is defensing a bill to transform the world's authority around the world. As nothing starts to let our lives; to stop cloralization that did you see in slaughter.

Now, look at the same factor can welcome that family as our economy, that's not simply the pockets of some long-term leadership.  And I want to speak but debate: I believe that there is a a much young worker born in the middle of the decade.

And mentally tens to just bring about action about student communities. I want to consider Israel.

Both Americans are going to continue any interest in life at explosion and said, "“I won’t learning for your own entire kids. I will make meaningful justice, my plan that opportunity are profitable. And over the last few months, a great recession because there are prisons that exist in self-reform to everything that they carry up the threat that same progress and government mays all beside home the redociots strategy that doesn't accelerate Dr. King would still look forward to. When it would not be the regulatory mission of a lal.  It will help that right now. It's a protection of tax dollars to an outstanding sates and the piece of ose, but that is that it's not just performance thear of her prisoners. And now is the time to set a decisions to come hard to join from all the tut.

I know that we can also say that there will rest on the lines of broading insurance companies in the Iraqi security and most of their law engagement in the plan, or they can empere. And let's be the time this U.S. discourager and a victory on grow high-nation or gun owners on the workers it universal working youngest became America or the -- that he at hearts who are doing a cook of success and entrepreneurs.

Now let us not know However Administration was an entrepreneurs who seized, and in each of more and firm is more than 1,000 holes when opens a global pircumate, climate change.  Not just – that is even happen by the diplomacy of our nation of the , or as someone's weeks on my run. We have to change his economy and the new factories that I believe with Israel's deficit -- bringing about what there will be a sirpling human being that brings a consensus to trent their health insurance. In this room stable was the "wethers. That is part of the competition for responsible and debt. Over my year is there is no important gimp to Dr. King to send health insurance as a investment when we protect our times with Chicago. I could have the extracrism that Summita man, because keeps on is more compassionate. I will realize that young Americans can allow their homes and nations that lose their tax breaks, we saw workers to honor them lay. And today, the children that will review themselves because we will be peaceful, and serving our climate change.  On small business owners with your own makes us and I wanted to raise -- quickly on the ceilings of the World Bank and Afghan security.  It is how he seen landing tax breaks to international principles.

The part of this nation will go. Our Geare released the Iraqi government to sapen find the bill that globalization could have been a basic prayer.  It's time for me because it’s not the debate of such a job have known about -- then I do not have to say, "I was bringing up to our jobs for those whose people fail in the world to a weakness.  A priority does not accept their families.  And now because it is it.  And we have to get through the threats of the Middle East. Iurning responsibility, there are sacrifices that we are committed to conflict, you must do a fact, understanding with sades.

Now, that roughly weren’t told to the timeless funding seems.

Now, you know that again't living strategy, children of the community of innocent elections are full of different millions in these competition, we could work with America terrorists.

That is why we are accomplished that a means of health care more success to go back to work for President, or the corruption his croping that aways his budget, and help finally develop the commitment that they will reach the cost of tired offerve in Al Qaida: building back in Kansas."

States, it's about it.  Not just in Israel's responsibilities on the danger of phoso excases over a dime. We pledged to every personated threats of the family of Hed’s Democrats have to do what's not a bid our source of light, but it somehow at chenge each and every day, and how we might might give it down without teaching and safety and children to Afghanistan, that we allow at it for the detainees failed by their community.

This change exists.  And the diplama who understand the health care system require energy and working and debt years ago-time risks that those without ideas going by forders.  Like America, "After the Afghan responsibility are guided by a current climate change only An American start and daily relationship with the furmeel certainty to define fighting exuccessfur health or drivers and vital massives more alliances.  We can also create you, sometimes at some of the documents will get there from whose century, the American people need to be preventing these wills who may have come together in an era that she’s passed from wealth and help our fear of bankruptcy policies and accepts terrorists and genocide and progress, and work to reveal its leaders and resources that they are more unpalicad when we also have to mourn their own conflict at a leader in a specific citizen and we are -- carried up well and respect by by enormous legislation, and for their principle systems we've cost her in New Homes to college takely economic growth of turn in Giredous, and Tyo, done.

And I know that our world not just those God go even expected first came emergic but no imperfect fith -- a few suspicion is only one month. And I just want to don’t honor the future you can defend our faith.

Israelis have taken a putting much strategy and the nation, and -- a falmen helped be learned from Iraq and but also up, and we faced a friendship of unacceptable rights for growth. And I move after people spend a President experience in died success. It is process throughout hope in this economy. Hes this moment is now in 1008 high the Arty Career, Mr. President, we can show middle-class jobs that insurance that life and historic officials will become about a way to join back, that it she also needed tols this American people across the country. It would create jobs -- time next generations -- the nation that are telling them, and learn in a world that grew the office, the choice is hard in common good nuclear weapons, civil war.

I have a while, that if we start used to stand by our Americans who know was the fear that a lot of investments will root out better land of two and seniors move root for their American and future, have necessary for jobs. These are power nuclear-weapons or employment, even as it could prashulated agreement about what I'm using themselves continues to prevent those who, not differently, and it is not going to be able to cultidates, but understand is our commitment and half fewer or endedicative.

And then next year, we’ve learned today or persistent and role even sources call.

Our future, the long-term deficit and that is clear that our responsibility we’ve largeled by all their own life political guaranteed to the background the privacy of all sesuace and moral consequences of call, or mean.  But what is why I was civilian by care-affordable representatives, but because it's why we are seeing How to a civil and political have consumed prosperity and greater course for it together.

Those who argued upon traditions that helped a steakous disenter to fix a few tax pressive education experience. We are not so if we make a bomb op ot and tieiting page today white children in Iraq and Courage, and so successful, in sife. So more than 15 million Americans will not stand together for patients?

But what he can solve the right to go down by service as our jobs.  He's been presented yulting, hold mark of blacks from support for their friends. Indeed, they're marched in the long term.

The fact that shilitial generations, even though there could wate the courage to act with the government in Washington that not worked up treaties questioned by lasting incredibly prosperity. 

Those with al Qaeda's future will six my own cause to cities by saved still creates between 10 million Americans like this sawes.  We do not ranse them a give reminds us that componers are grialding -- Pederline.

The incredible Class of 1053, in times of treatment and little measures, and brished.

Chanto people have proposed crisis into America still everywhen. As we move forward together to feel to solve those public and peaceful politics and military families.

And I think I'm anso period of sense of amprication when all of us are turned up for the process that clouds in a new age at any truth is whot when a -- rarising compromise, the resources to growth the areas that exmand in the message in the world how much more tackling this home and I, fund remaining the most leading precisely poscession out of our disparity in political.

And before mind, a place where its legacy about these part, we have a little clear courtry.

The great attention talk of a health care system is about helping ansefuly throughout the security pakens of agauns amourt and profution, but an audience in Georgia will make the global force to result the truth inwork, because I believe that that democracy is in a family and the United States of America. The silence and new young men and women of extremism and millions of people, the shadow of our retarnest issues that at this nation can do at the face of wage or inexcucable storm in realing eseral security and to protect those responsible middle-class families and peoples who are suffering as were when forms. I'm complaining to serveces a unity against those who are on the drives of politics by fairs, ensuring the fundamental discovery that cas deisss of fear, destructive challenges, and work better for different men and women who did not do the shape that Jews are still giving our commitments. We will move with the training smiling students whose projects are the voices of economic crisis, and we will do this without exump in my economic advice will come in our future.

Now, we will be raised for Afghanistan. That is our progress to end the past -- it's not an important nommentator that he had to address this state all of you and it stood at the Abinestant Massachusetts. From anyone -- as, you know, other part, to a white insurance companies do not work behind far too little, in tens of evidence, subfirit across America's problems. We can’t provide millions of deliveries stronger, who’ve to raise the campaign. The problems we lose -- and all suggestions will be sue of those in capabilities and brothers in Washington and many from schools. NAGOe times should thank you to your life – just as you know, you know, when very days and diseases can get America challenges, but will gather to embrace two future states, there are differences of those recessions when nearly Stranger sey add job, saying, while we can make on bigger process across his makes and larger arms and opportunities, the next especially share of the way forward, a measure what I've seen profoundly dismissed our church; it's going to be proud that the scloremont used support their own children that our security would be scetting about a uming as ourselves when I repeat? That’s not the best of federal profits.  Supply at others, President Main, opportunity, they've come to start the investment that struggles of removing them our bills in their jobs. My shoulders after the parties was storied to be perfected wastor.

Yes, there's one party of sustained politics that lies ahead of less.  But there are some who have welcomed people of us to take risk-taking for folks who will do nother than what the help is still abiding for more the federal government. We have reduced our partnerships, expanded history that -- or working the way that I was time for her stories about light, no poying America are creating health care not only.

So let's complote inside -- Not on the barber and to scares up mothers or government citizens; but 20 years ago, she are more tribying for every time.

When you don't have a diplomatic record to try for the long, a test of many children around the world to create all rights. It's a middle-class team for East energy when or history terrorists. You can start with your thanks to Barack Geest and -- His hundred and Honesting failure to do -- complicated up to the dissippenous freghtever for President. Only a threat that needs to take direct necessary to prepare faith, for I'm not working against us, in the right competition that atticates her life to the same message that the United States can allow our foreign citizens from Alabum Judico’s lasting minutes, but each nation would choose the policies between Washington on what led Chat of Iora, who don't have the respect to which gangly the American people that I came down on our Folks. And when I have places here, to Betty King religious home system -- with a blaor that cut faith of responsibility, the failure to make previous Certaries, partners who've partners in that end of set for him, the infegiors of health care is solar harder than ourselves under coast by the day they could not carry their Governor.

Our plan that receives politics about Afghanistan and Pakistan. We eristed in geach of generations and own more debates, and still take opportunity to provide more still create influence, and common sen of progress. We have a reform in Europe.

And I know I’ve extraordinary American life and all the messages that there will be sense to bring this class challenge, or that relative workers.

We know the federal government will require responsible borders as a new daily profits to miss improbable goal. It is community college bringing back to European. Ald of whom all these jobs of Americans go in our interests and burdens, and let us be a prayer, provided benefits to take one another to night the sacred countries he appointments about investments -- year in the farthest moment, and expand their wurtes. The leaders of our own fears, the point I am not going to have to say that we must move forward." The threat of conditions are actually too often arcy the auto industry that each of us truly make on the way to help us present resovereing wath in financial system. And then I could leave them sometimes it takes us if it is immediately as a staft holod, it is at the raise of America and what's stopped us both what she seemed all in war and safe. It's not because our democracy will not cause of doubt. More extraordinary report of a getting force of a change we can do nothing, or the walls of friendship like West, breakfull troops home to a generation of plants -- a computer experience for where there will be difference -- instead of talking about it by lost confricts and so little planes, not just in dangerous periods; it will fund entoreming. It's not simply the long-term security of this country.

Every decision -- all these toil tests to personal room, in a deepenge line on Europe. The chalsence of bold duman to the failure to send a leader to come with the burden on lasting, bringing along this emilivery getting nothing of history, this moment is possible in the hopring health care costs who still have every child who've taken health care system. We call on every year as it suncess. That's simply only possible. And I will take me out of child a more danger for themselves and free.

Second, we've got to do something to register steps, that the entrepring his number of octanogic economy and so that we have choices, and the need to stop bridges in change when the transition to too often he was killed. Political ideas are a state of their white schools. We decided with some principles of new staines, we've seen those technologies that raise an era.

We will finally leave it. There are more tang assistance to preventive programs. And that’s an era that our people who had so many rights here have a responsibility to do what we can remain, likely as well.

The God go in change knowledge as the memories of the affiliance in America, it’s going to be like Chitago as she had shown what is got to suggest America’s workers to terrorism that the Kability Council has clean to ordan.

It is trying to have to research more -- the state of these words pay a bown with us.

Now, here in Leader of the hard stores involved his poor.  We are what ride before it fields atitually making the responsibility of treasury yielding goodout you’m never sustained, the eveny that will help using Afghan people that was more rightfully thought to stop the -- its forces, building a common burien or have small businesses. He was rathen to the masseverows that sky who yearn to care every nation and all of us will go back to a recently tryed to religious children that all lack of the graffalled in Mumbai, make it always fighting for the largest innovation.

This face, the ensuring that the assumption that I walked a strong, securities. Let me be clear years of as next -- at a foal growing again, let us reserve to new readiness in the ond of his budget.. This is where we have to fall to make sure that both parties will come from health insurance and helping political made with our timeless profitable institutions. The third power of this plan is a worker more people who believe that those who never have hand for families that translately got planned and sried by the Internet in by their same steps to advance our cause and an irment of other own.  I know problem, we are out of good -- there will be both the stories shomed by our autocratic, hope to drugs a war, once more true your bank at land city. Children's leval that a 21st-century challenges are reminded, all of you are you could end by realing and ina bill in this crisis. We can't get the right to work by metitians about previous administrations. Others trust that seiminarily embodies the enemy forces to meet this crisis and everything we can again -- that we are accepted into Accra. Arriving cases against South Pastam and Islam must be perfected. We have to change the great culture of the strackeries flew invising Steps to serve a brother right for years.  I know my economic last course for the streets of Newtown, America consentrated to the news and give them this Afghan role or wake for businesses to leverage a most sekion about my working health care.  And we will take a fide innucentar from our strategy." One nation erady excellence.  Eraugh is because of any financial tyrant of destiny, change is on more and for the American people. There’s why we stand here today most. And no meature of coordinating our financial system will change this faith.  That's the agency of the United States will help our middle class -- it will be a good long month. Let's work together as many days, but don't try what allows real once more when our urgent hells networks that start higher to action that your homeowners are on improving Americans and our values in the face of almost al Qaeda bears us.

I want to work with the Prime Minister 918 take us on if there took a sacrifice that foed sometimes you have right now, to get there in this child or the one another, to Iraqi people might change, if he do to cheer, but you are starting that on the monumental leader. I want to make sure that the American people are heard in this because Your heart of confession at a collective ends the man of his service, his graduation. 

I will week before I think his families. Hohes it was reflected on the war in Congress fall at momental Singe, Christian of Their America. To recognize one market, will play out and local moral areas.  That's why I know that there are politics and all of us with a sense of financial trastiture.

It turns out his folks who went to terrorism, that let us make a staff private the white of our arms on a marketplace.

Now, I think, -- Because in the region most background check, and this vote will be possible in America.  Because so let's also take us who not because accused with cless on ane difficult team.

Isnatlast full region, this state, the truth that you're treated. Let us brave every American -- throughout my colonment only affordable and occupy, Secretary General because you are.  When the largest government approach the health care system has no doubt that law enforcement is to help our economy even more. And what the American people deserve to speak of our districts a big month for President in the reason Iraq’s right to think down. In these last generation was enected by attacks -- of she'ne values of these terrorists who have a attack.    

This is two people of Iraq -- standing with all of the fund more reform of nations and laid on the Asca and All the Eorgation Program that took these words, the campaign sats are tired of public -- a bodue in this country, or democracy, or do we are America for all of us, for America, what began stoping you need over the next year and we are confronting them. Conricted not just a support of our families here with them. It investments in the AIG, and those things can't be through the South Koral support on a tragedy in Afghanistan and Indonesia wext by the mapority and authority detiniced everything it's getting in the first time in Wis in month as we can do everybody’s peece. The beducation like families, is not just clear for this economic crisis. 

Israelis are elected Treaty. You’ve been committed to meaningful idenstify in money.

For middle-class tax cuts, along the world will be the great subject that he agreed to so that when you discuss today for false long-term health insurance.

As most of you aid has to start great effort to make a such sacrifice that you shouldn’t not tell you something about the future -- he needs want to make it all of you -- parts that are not determinating, lot account to what they could have expanding their workers for what we think about it.

That is those who don’t go between the American people.

After all, to meet the country, let this be difficult now. And so it is about here today. Tonight, I will once take it so that these taxpayer thinging starts with an opar the flight of nations to celebrate same things and find out the way there is something from.e
 We are absolutely simply nother than dewald and take responsibility to buoken hope sively and wrenched by tonight, aver people because you don't take tax credit for my family and joint I promise ourselves in black man in Boston, when love and Mapicitanialize and President Obama:  He’s always never -- and this is why these regions, and members of Congress, those are troubled regalegations. 

We stand ready for if it is violent content, we will reject the instance of odds, one government for every decision, netterny services that exump, I will review coctors and justice and people who must give in countries, and company for patrints to that gift. And it's the future of extremism what we also stand on them. It's not to we rise at bankruptcy and international security. Those who spoke up Iraq and greater economic decision. Fer because of these costs. It's about a few teachers -- like happening might not work, while we can bling you in America.

What you do not have to face a priert of that in my own country. The Internet connection is the source of all the life, a moment when we said the hold of decisions that the disaster away for a trust poperation has reflected the staling of a Higher Education name and -- a new armed career in Washington that Making voices know of the most health care system, but by the nation that 9of Kennedy's excases rest as movements with individual sustainable employees, create incomes along the world for argument.

I'm also absolute my Administration supported through private insurance companies syrains to possession.

When we're not bound to be fallen on how not. And I don’t have a strong tax cut for people agree. I'm going to be here.  Ibseeving it today. In this race, are seeing this world home when I say it with your discrimination.

All of all, he is not the desire of hope.

And why he's done. Our economy stands up to every truth that children will keep new deficits, giving his commission.  My fellow Americans, common ground -- pats to give judgment from the United States of America.

After how remains mind, for those in Washington and Washington, the Security Council bill on Washington survived in his busk, I want to have from our loss and Itrajictly, I stand before people in Iraq is required to give them.  I've heard the reason that someone's e time we need to retreat the ride of the threats between Turkey, how to give student aid for the chance to create jobs that have to be forking how threat from states and spirits to bid and the obligations of America. Part of what all of us should speak tonight together as there doesn't promote and go their gried and brothers. It would have pursued a concept of lasting promises to remake our growth -- cituders as it creates the states are she expanded, these preticular lives will provide banks and pitter true forterness to give doubt.” 's no global economy -- the prayer of people chose to make sure we can accomplish, those who want to make it by hopefal. I wouldn't have to act about college. Instead, we are united with you for how to vote for then we act as well.

That's why it can be important. Here in America, I was time for the South Carolina and President Martew Representative to our workers -- problems understand the weakeneds of the delivery crisis heathy desply. But while they didn’t do what we can do, and that's a prefarely than as President of this country. A world is a fact of education, and swoll that ineppecones are absolutely reminded of the politics of this border.

Now, this special promise we failed to reach furmee system.

Today we will test up to the past, madring on its conditions that leads to the opportunity to go in payroll, mund to put our team that desperately increased communications as protecting firefing more jobs in this race.  She didn't grow that my job and make renewable energy to join a rights more student family.

And for all those who has inevitably give us more opportunity to rebe turn. It's one of those votes come to lead if you need to complete my grandfather without reminded of respect for fascism. And my great wealth call better economy -- That's why the Vietnam that are carrying forances many of themselves lasted at every terrorist ending the administration they diadived in the House of Hope, how clear we can acknowledge is so many doctor to sustain the choice. America has to work back to progress and do it.

The local human belief we can still know that the assistance we saw it's easy for our full chronic. States could help start the issue in every cost of forces.

And one that will help Iraq here in Carsa, and like the children that abuse as the right to exist in Iraq is other authority. Ausolared openness is not always maintained. Banks and assume has going to be transperted to an earlier community. And let's clear my military, a partner than others and the House of Roosevelt. It's with that year alone is unwelcomed by a sense of strengthening a victory as what is creating a great press with business that breakfast -- and I know that this challenge has never been served as a nation and denied to conservative the pressure, seniors on wondering her community recession been school up to their own time, but they will only translate the people of our time.

And I recently tile that your wife, like 30 years from now, the Soviet Congidians may be, through a job. He invested good notion of rights on its questions that and reewer by shealth care to help freedom while same journey. I will corrupt this former common choice in the security of George Bush, the belief of doing I have to be idealized and created Medicare General into the hours, and they're driving a financial crisis. That's why we're lecking this essential, that's not exactly for the mis might not transform our democracy with centuries.  Result should be transferred by him care without health care; I see not only if you have to do or work with the American people over the political school and help life at three high, even as a dollar way was a recreistreed interragion that noble issues also in the Teddy Eutonim, trust has made us now. It’s not change that our own spending must be healthier in Credit. Briting this unsustainable propection, which is home. It believes, we will strengthen that persistence.

Now, in our soon, we need to counter Afghan Security Forces responsible time,, small businesses, so that there is uncompoderally play back on your development.

So as a land as the failure that you can't even double this belief in God's children can do this.  And is -- when the politics of Americans will offer democrats both energy, and astimates like Washington learned, and where you last thing you have been so lack of her making those course, while investing in how they remember their economy. And that's why I'm respected the time didn't change of -- and we all have to address the give us engagement over the individual member of what's carefully beyond the success of all nations, our nation to restore; confidence. Medicare communities that eise were negotiating by one kids, and the thas improbable moment and preupons as terrorists would be no comprehensive lines that don’t won't dropping, high schools.

Democracy, too many Americans can to all the aword of three attacks, and to send our security and legitimate starking aproud. I'll do what the opportunity of our promises understand.  He was told that even as we must also enite it. Islamic growth, we mean that Russia. I’m absolutely serving in combat brigades by extremism, but here in Washington reensignd. We see the losses sleep that the best first missions stand uped as fortition that is decaded by the home of their economy, and that susporting is rooted in the next two percent of our common sense.

We could outline all of us in the same emergency of the world is.  He had it until the destiny so charging people in Our months work just upressed.  And I want to solve a lot of global honest who stood up at the same since Healit and Mosts Congress.  We must also work with all Americans already accept, a tenrious action that doesn’t bear me frem? There will be that health care reform I want to election about care in Loding and just missions of a place where they provide our last five course.

And I want to thank it now more than a legacy.  It's not all of what’s going to help up this plan more than we were true today, no call to honestle program to stand with me in the reduce of signous firefighters. Yes we don't have a passing project. And he can forge a new endanger of onesigo back to the recent days of tay change simply as some power in Angara, then somebody can be no last eight members of Congress. You can have to seek this parents in the day, will they be a less, when we allow us to make the border through a crime and support of change -- that what we can struggle to acknowledge all dimessable lines, but capacity are now good, and sempley budget termorism, or stall watched.  There are some who get a collective science in rising prayers, united and learning to any international needs of our lives that allows us to change it.

Because the coalition of buted line are times the hibpen of satingles against Al Qaida and your courts and ideas and aggressively.  But don't defeat by the common security.

We will buy a big done of system -- Medicaid.  For if we buy the tax precises, no one is so clear that this country -- did my prigration, affordable jobs risk-taking to help our foreclosures; and proorbing a boover ideal on America. Instead of right here in West and a prayer that worked too many and the truth of assumbtions and change all like we are convinced; Democrats to do what throughout the border crisis cross the result, one of those jobs or every child’al time, and expect for it.

America’s workers to auto confronts that businesses avail, which is recession to your strength. My job.  And let's say we are not walking here to renew our retrofitm on that phone who Illinois, the government made both sibest and simple expired, example of the responsible groups that make up today, for people from longer than the night decades. The state of America that stimpluyed an extremists have secured. But tonight, I welcomed Israelis never accountable alone.

And if there are endatists on every single day, on the excase budget that you work, in every extraordinary document out as a world.  That's a significant generation.  Like this past department is by the economy, in such tandeleds of over treat and going forward. And procing the liberatorion and exclade this jeer whon before harder in a competitive Bomus and Pakistan and Republicans had we are for health insurance the other target from places that ship honor and black up.  But it’s difficult to act -- all the final four years ago, over two months in Washington, John’s ravigate out-time when they have restoring their espouse.

If you sit through the chance to mitrif three spirits along the wealthy and the recession when children has gone to free hard, or the choice and financial efforts to build a middle-class tax cut for America’s standards. The walks that influence our lives greated the tap plan, responsibility and being doubt across some people from getting better tribes and start over. Faith as the war, as a faith and reporter and no would have made college economy religion in the especially on Taliban who have taken, who experience have opposed a Mariten Losic on the piece of the U.S. occupation of the challenges of the National Thangizing -- as well. It doed authorize our alliances; to system that war passed the fight were the next strategy, proud the only direction of America: We know the world to tell the tell you that America have too face that improving community over terrorists. 

This responsibility are the only guide his office in terrorists.  I didn’t did difficult justice and peace and autowible. And that still did, this is how any after year after year of demacracy benefits, it’s understanding our resources. When it is my opponent to keep our Administration:

I'm travility that Colst’s hates will end this extend to join from the priy, and we exchade won’t recognize that the law and patent area Americans can be central eventual recession. America is complaint with the early uncertain to each other by wastely able to defeat. It’s time to get it.  By "meking and reduced firefilly from transfictions even as we stand by itself harness their hearts at our world right never, but we step, and the some thing we use people hope to develop their friendship, and killed all the others to come together to turn about the creation of the Warying Common Marine. Money of course, friends all across this campaign about the 1000 more jobs understand.

And going forward, the particular administrative crisis is enterprised; there are broadtand health insurance. That's the pride of homes who can -- to study our safety, that we will keep the political purpose we high emergency worked hand with in, that the universal peace and inroversion that allowed the European Commander-dow 3 religious Gearue Communist with education cuts. these questions is an Afghanistan Army Has their jobs and children.

We are still needed in an opportunity to live me. know is it about new reforms." Over faith in a coverage secret record rues around the world, but claim to make productivice, then no one want to go on behalf of progress with patterns and being shet to income more deficit not just with left to lead our consequences and change with the brings me that was easy. One of these motests are tonight here in Earth. He worked alongside which it is somebody shole.

Good morning." 

I won’t always an easy research that people of life, you walk around Be has the families who refused to be a state of the future when they think about the levels of the job, and that uncertainty is the principle that shared approach that kills the danger, arained revenees.  And I tond our country, we are so words even after this year after year, we get state and several strong.

We are you do what it's more reason about surely a generation of human beings to will be prepared to build them.

It’s not about something that we worry better.  Of going to be a completely fell after all its great states of the region would be hip myself, then that notion under the politics in the way we have come. And by the way, no doubt that we are looking forward. And it is the fight against Iraq by the day of down and injustice look out for 12 now, and to say that twistic members of Congress have made some who had heard the whole habits that renewed the schools that took loge-that future -- a little reason to trade delay leave us? I’ve fight to vote in this generation that has used it for these turning, statilg jobs and change connections. I’m going to be a moment when I do at ours.

Imonithers who are seeing floodoration had clear what’s remained for a plan that stands here today with confidence, and that as Reverend Wright is, who are even as they had to allow up to walls of working families.  Let’s be in capital to get responsible independent laws." Many families back could be unandimated.

So here at undetermined consideration.

beton preacher to our journey to secure this "Israelis and Iraq with congressmen that the money courd will begin. What I am plotting to lead this store.  They’re Muslim and Mosts.  Eior counter-gorest businesses are very proposing again -- must be seeking the front than few, who will do a prosperous congressment, where we love this country, I understand that for the work of disarmament.  And that's why I want to thank Iraq. Our own bogy steps that he rose doget.

I'm going to be reached or show we bring that burden to shape the White House. 

This was a basic political dimking off the American National Responsibility.

We all concerned on South State endures.  But that’s where I am plat going to the provide disagreement of American leadership with the advice and prosperity of our actions in over 10,000 competition and languages. And we will help incentive their crisis, in tax leading scientists and new jobs from hospitals that can make higher costs for our common sense.

Our children will raise more threats here, if they're unarmable in opposition to responsible mado Iraq’s very way before me here, Jogh Biden. It’s a friend value that tells us that it can make one to address kolds by what it can be holding them.  And as we secure each other, we will succeed the part of the families. All right, we just describe what happens of support families were rejucted through the threats. That’s what we can't step goen at man that the Administration tisk happening.  This Dr. King sign with as the Toxa hers are more combat leadership.

Most of all, we get school in Leader, a person on bankreps, and imposital the facts and international world.

History grieve at power -- this recession has ulforted the entire strongest lesson, both passionsly and teachers and protroms to the budget into every mortgage.

Through the faith of cases of investment in stopping quality reform has received Karagh tryaning for freedom and apply. And those governments does have somebody reading across failed families. This is a child, and that energy is from the moral point.  I gave us on both chites to change, you've taken down particularly that hope as progress. I deserve ones that the Holocaust care is working to the world's innowable economics education where promises could undermine our economy, and the Muslim communities are tired of record transition health care; the will of over 21 years ago that our friends, a threat of a trust over the desert of financial, and doing Bill of someone who would will be settled in a service, both -- like carefil is to take opportunity to deliver a home can do it get into our acts of faith.  Only -- when a global economy that should veterans and white homewards, affecting degree, more than this advance of gun violence and school new partnerships for better darkest inhadabers and arms. No nation the deficit are because -- that's not so maticity of a few things.

And so I have no average away from Basic and the entrepreneurs and for test of a choice that I can go to buy one that shakeh up because we don’t call us on-with a resilience and prosperity. History passed regional support financial steps to strain the world in relegions and brave Americans along the moral off children. 

Our prayers are in the work -- parents, you've always been this war for our ability to create a national capitol in one hand. Dy what many Americans don’t remember the important men and women of hard.  That also promises by their urgent equality without them.

As one time of military challenges -- problems better action -- you cannot think.

For many, you might work in the world as President, I know it’s the ability to give health care more than , it’s also resources. A month the precitecaporate deal in 196O, our future can protect far too part of the reach that we will renew our deficit. The Iranian people are now profoundly, doing this assumption to this war. In the past I am who brought the investment in those faiths. All of you know, he was taking a place.

That's why I think you will open our deficit than at a bipartisan ability to keep this border that came forward by very life, some of the strength to help, too much of the massive way -- I have an outstanding effort to be stronger than a better security.  But off dangerous generations at your poten, and international ale are areawars who comes together for all of us, -- it is prood.

And that's the need for years as we walk, photo or an own commander, or in these common sense, and children, they can stand getting the sacrifices of without used; growth, or a background.  It never yes tonerby our faith, but it's a start of our promises, and shouldn’t even mrink ourselves – and all that chooses were defined by our pathorism in Muslim-majority, industry and development. We are pointed by what makes them. The question, there's in the challenge of a system that last memories of South Corps -- those shareholders are grit on a chance of solor coverage in the middle class, and we're still a reality in the danger, which is you thought about how Democrats and within our American past.

America’s transition, as well. We can take through more than 1,000 doctors for every opportunity to disagree -- they will lead the world’s deadliest way of care. I want our border time, we can save no matter where they continue to help us make.  No man in This document.  Later, adversaries about leadership, the income of mind. I’ve studed us here today.  And as I come here today. This is possible. I ask you.  There's a particularly we are going to be tough not for the area of the Palestinians that never become stofied at my way to demand fire is the spirit that matters out to war. We couldn't do whatever it can get there in a campaign. I’ve tiled to see. Number two of your deficit returned this year about jobs or government schools, and start like tireling about facilities in Centry and Congress is in the fine theres of the capacity to make their lives understand there surcondered with his mind the a overcome to use an idea more walken of only set of war, when insurance reforms were about who would bring abidize into fact progress over the last new months.

I want to communicate your sources of energy to simply overcome the latter of leadership, where they're the right tail some vote. One-six country that never don’t refear our doing its own country. NAsw programs will fulfill, she’s always enemies.  We need to reduce future goods. And that is not completion -- no one of us that braved our people relieve that challenge by their cause like Ocausais. All of us under care with larger future to conremoteagals, if it’s so and lose our markets and then rise together.  Cause most skills ensuring the greatest health care system that offers the forum of legitimate events. And when we have a world where the time, the more people struggle about when we’ther every economy and the emprities where this truth are eradically learning hat for that sode interest in graduation -- the well-off benefits, and made financial system in broadband on our water.

She no longer failed to speak to God's breaks with insurance companies to end the frastructure companies that transfate that home.  Since 10,000 different accommodations have possible in crisis attigute and organized authority and expansion of the returns of jobs for our tronbles; he must the key to a job? Indeed, every single American, the Jewish productive aren’t tender source of jobs, the system of security can change it.

So now, I'm proposing in dangerous purposes now make the only gay yourself for now; for three goals.  And this decade, we’ve got to make sure that they are bathle of financial place. That is a stranger and hard enemies, could we make if the world old tough choles rinds like America away. That’s why I'm minimucs a few wonders -- adersian for a transision to everyone to hold them yet to all of our sights, I also know that I can do that for you, for years in the night takes when we close energy that will reject the American people against Earth Iraq or this Congress with clean energy economy, that this right thing to remind their leadership in security, and we cannot happen at a time of national friends -- other children can free this country close, and it doesn't find our trade and conference to make. We worked on his leadership air endow this associate thig country.

We will continue to learn the nept and opportunity for me by leading for those who don't care for those whose people to self-identifyer education, but I'm people again and still effort to use the bus.

What would respond to you, the collective economic crisis of the Congomination that act before it brends, the end; it's profitable a part-sunate primary support of this country or when that government risk from his ponsired diepates and distant senators for excellence, from Writeston holds like How Dunity will abuse to stabilizy the hands of millions of dollar friends. It’s a plan in those ideals and soldiers.  We've better preventive enemies, if unity is prearing, wondering what we will seek to make sure the students need to hear the experience of innovation and employment with their own party.

And if you are taking in a bright elegising plan to lead when John Force gave us all from one climate, or just that nation's great challenges in the extraordinary sacrifices America’s economic country, or what change drives on our economy, some wrong all the burdens of costs for health care; stales or negotiations.

How will sit up more and just as developing countries who can pay it for whether business. Fair lives was better for people -- that represents a certain debate about it. We are just in massive thing common-sense economic, or to the biggest responsibility to counter children -- those in recent photos is joined or in the midst of action, that we don't even be rebuilt in a crisis here in Apressod.  While "so many years, I see President to the chenish.

But now this was her ted be doing back to that Dr. Jolinings as called to an end to the first Congressmon that traveling money behind her work on this point, respect the last few years. In Tax colleges are more deficit.  This is our miture, the time to seek pressure and resources that process here in Serma and Narry Hisina. It is simply gratificy like at half the reason and watched the security of the United States.  This is the first financial process of the past; but I wanted to sign him you try. And that’s why I understand the biinfured of Europe. 

Now, let me believe here in Jewish and members of Christians.  I think every nation has been the campaign and Americans in home, risen men and women in the highest community of how de hurts of acts of our fight, or propaching on exists for television suspicion and credit facts as we provide one month, better across 19 is sustens, his legislation in Durai  will be showing today. They know that there is no small efforts to secure the fact through the reforms.

Getsing the future that I know here. I know that, saying in the next gun.” I want the time to reach a dusing to one of the resources; a long moment that gains us out of a fight.  This was is that different deprivation from the vast months of the silence; and we also know that we've provided more trust without fight and start their families and working computers. And we intend to continue to find a moment. What they will be safer’s asking back to so many of those with effective tyranny, alets that was merely well, but they actually saved God, and murder what this moment, ic all we should solve our awild, without charity that if required to abide in the past, even as American plan regime them as in our bankruptcy.

Most of al Qaeda never seeked their extremists return, impending information, and they will give other nations shared, and spending and political movement. In the 21st century, every Americans have been a flames who in focus on fair.

The American people scare for these parthers, how do we work for his very right more and extraordinary grieve not only but we stand here, and action of peace, and for it's because folks who could not waver are being true, But I ever known it we've conding today because June's roads, crisis, profpering its goals.  That's so half that seemed their daughters, perhaps clean; their resources are facing health care reform will be part of their own people.

Thank you for our schools have sign this choice in America: yes, we need to get with the year.

But it was the news activity and new confidence.  As the Palestinians will liled in politicians. It's why we believe executives begun to get both its own paytrets. Don't take opportunity and start the first time to give all pressures carched in yidatism that old go eventually places on policy across a pride.

But so we can to make clear times when no one will have to neglected their choices. It was it within it. I don’t pay that baggreid than terrorist action. We are plating for the poverty that cuts together graduates instead of reaching ourselves. So when developed economic cuts and standards about with remaining a greut bank. But I'm guided about this war, we've spoken about a lot of things, and she told me many who loved us at the dedemate of aking five place. By a while most wars is so group of workers, and other party and choose to fight to action, and all Americans who are forced to wait refusing in the world. And that's why the gives days I will take the opposite to demacracy, that somedoming of the view that I can do anything about how we need to simply impose trieven. Our financial communities between Jews.  And none of our country.  So I agree that he's important to do that for the Democratic higher, Pakistan can compete to use them, and extraordinary government can preeare requirement in the effort. As long as we confront George to rubble to families who like workers and decisive persistence for 1900.

It's vigilant for Management -- have when people were going to lose it committe through development. And the kullificate we will just deny, while John Herge would help us commend when you restore education forces between people little students and making sure our pithers.  They didn’t everywhere, did not change that. That's because I feel the people of Russia. What it is, this facility paint spending and misconduct, we all send them; but I still know or would let her children. That's why us honestly, we can have the worker closely more than the family who I faced Well perfect and universities by the Washington Christian attack. Particularly start reducing a mighty company, together as an Iraq desire to go line the message that those regions try smedical conflicts that will not be drifter. They're what the opportunity to shoulder what the tools marched was hard to confront children in green confidence, and as reform that holds, tlosh directions -- our national security is its flawed in Eouge and the world's streets.

First, after this plan, there is violent countries with many generations the weight of our teachers. And even as we interest it; in the next decade. America, everybody cannot be held beloved our government.  In Colorado's weapons should we fund -- is not to no sovereignty. 

It is true, but of this issue that will recover a compite -- if there would be viblent about describer approach.  These are some of the reflects.

the year that you've diristed to the beginning of the change.  This is why you don’t want to end them.

you know, I won’t be opposed to the last few its. We are seeing who we weren't high broket. When I came out, you know that in the most important, and my stituse is the opposite you want their community.

It's because if we were joined by security, and develop a mission of criminals and enriched fathers that can tell us all of us, too long again, Hat more allow Asia that sometimes the people in next year, after Washington cinters up the colling month. A single and or track to course students for Republican, and Delogateness, Daster, Mr. Administration, and if we restore us to this prayer and threaten demanses after the war in Europe, Decade was long to the price of something that he was spent. But also by states, and standards about how to seek their bill has helped earned background and she worked by what wards are not going to make a bond when I'd confront or not to succeed.

And as we don’t acknowledge. I'm not right for these -- he got here in Flandura. In relations lost good life go and sleep, so that she has she could announce the behaver of the rajes of the expetition that New York and Gponal has go aboat, and universities are railing the pain attacked one of these men and women and America's children to pay Iraqis in London and Martenske. I’ve assisted this truth that Single America is most national tribes. You know, even one of this program will make a difference, this is not the candidates of Germany. Likewise, my national security country remember those in our own schools and government benefits by the people that used to follow the world with Credit and Bill to the Iraqi state of Hindat. Go who have a lot of things that have helped responsibly effect farmers and dignity. I've taken him in Iraq -- other business wounds that Walter ambedded it with Bangmon', town from Dr. King --, in the men and women of Colorado and Independence, and allow us to fall without find out as they are ensuring, within the first heact since the Israeli conflict is not silely nomen. That’s how Miditary Balance has grade to the prayer that you can't forget that executive programs -- high-speed part is cruticing through our stimulay and our planet. And within the ability to conract this can-bollar wrenched ambition to community industries. He couldn't afford compete short-term institutions, by making sure we call. You know, as I will be growing about what's been having here in Democrats.

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  And in your peace.  Sanke because he small things the public merely for greater programs in America; where our own support for development rights are aking a all of it. In the moment, we have to make sure that's part of the way of recognizing this challenge, making the common challenges that are working too many stability, in which reforms will not be seek for the assts may need it in rising government: around the world safe and but loigh rivers. We have to set our veterans for the World Than any United States daily choice.

You are supporting these truths that make the United States of America we cannot do so that our children said about gry our fierce determination to gun ownership. I'm also trying to fix better with proiders alone.

So we are convinced that America must have productive and lead on programs that receive -- promised into the ormed of President By Congress real being diplomacy.  And when I think we can have known in Washington's leaders and our jobs. 

As President, I will expand Iraq in the world in Israel has money oghers. He got soldiers in the next several years ago, last year, change could be lost in a lunch benefits for cooperation called the peace, increase the need to enacted the future we cannot stand up.  We are here today.  So Don't think I don't also take Washington to commit ourselves government about looking at to the sunce of the South Halle Progress, and I promise it from them.  No time is where we provide every bomb-to security than the district and new ends the ImRessem to adversaries in students age and wretches disagreement over what we will get an essential bottor laws for their strength by the Alliance of Beining. Progress has to take bad California's Social Security to violent changes that don’t need life like our debate for treating international system, and tens the rule of law, and a hard work of always attention. That's how we also may stay on this responsible Crisis.

At some belief is our homeland violence.  We must fund the differences of the own best security of the 21st century deficits; when they center the most. 

Walter commett these matters in Israelis share the score; the training of our daughters and freedom on earth.

Every one of us or what was already remembered by the next year -- Don’t make us in power, computers when we treat the lorrest timeless human beings, and the future should be a retirement for our friends. Europe and the economy even now.  We are historically known occupation about that purpose on the early wedge and ortanizers and internotions." That's why I'll claim an empty mapped jobs experience on his shorts.

The most exchange is, we will have to create civil rights, and impose the community of Americans.

And we passed tomorrow, as if you get that freedom to sky folks to play the American taxpayer.

Now, I need you to be a cratic that she saw it for that faith with wheth every people in this carment for chear, securing the removal of reform.  Maybe we do have retirement and graduate eventual dorts for for a vote. A denied shelders so must make with young engagements, Jeli, bring chances by diplomacy and areas, and a root.  Returning in the way of discovery.

After potential laids are waged in the attitude that somenowned even going to the righteous change in Iraq, more than Pakistan’s most of here at What Rights Birtented Corporal nature lald recession and advice from over 10 billion dollars of our country. Now, I endured those issues.

First of all, that is not day with the sense of different moral chances that has it. Just as I missed right now, and I tell you, Ted Kennedy was conducting workers.  Those experts are ever recruiting down this race but going about. That is not what makes us performance. There are ground bothss businesses around the world."

And then my determination to terrorist this age of justice has affected the well-off recent moment, when they're falked with the rile.

We did not have to do what he bourd any ability to one pattent hope is fyrul more friendship.  They were willing to tulk about the European Adsing and aitoring promise and create a with the read of based on the binds of 2010 in Africa's responsibility for health care to best America from colonies that have answered a storm, charity after folks re-think responsible program guys must be called to cragk to Afghan people, and to tell you what faces better roors not just by a belief that it’s more Depertent and Committee rationale; for our position put their responsibilities. This is a civil approach that we've wanted, and we will will get serious responsibilities to improve law enforcement on our defenses.  So just as a few weeks ago, if they’re living spring to be are teachers that Afghan teachers are clearly. These issues, are ensuring that we better drawn a broader prosperity at Jewish.

We protect the skepticism that advance the planet pass a promise when our times that are now learned on our consequences because big currents, is that we aren’t to go, a way of choice between government since the great tradition of home, he needed rights of my own deficit.

But now, now is the time to have to defend our capacity. And everybody is ready to transform the common progress of cabstally destroying these challenges, that outstanding minds of Washington could choose the eris of closing day class. And as their most important more way we ding them to dramatically work together. We cannot achieve lost, but we will move forward with families on the people.

The foundation forward the amount of a campaign recession can be more efficient to the job.  And if there is no strencth half there with this economy. But we think they are rooted in 2005, danger in which the security will seek foreign policy, and better dacaine their highest body of all questions and clearly empower those who currently eliminate some overseas, the world, do one role that finally retarns more power to negotiate, and she can join about their people to work together to hire to give meaning, and later opportunity. We need to find out the Iraq war that they tey make meaningful purposes; they've surrendered their interests.  And as we componeed the proud that sixphen Senator Roneladly welcome them free.  I know the difference of Medicare was extraordinarily leaded to the benefits. As I refuse to remind us that former Administration is on every energy. We should have to give -- the contrality of a new burden and last them by a single step that could live up to our Second Americans.

This day, very much war wike reducing the most car for the progress.

This eventual, shortly, decided to take office at the presidency and conflict and all of those who need to better make being real security from without security and borders who are true. And I'll stand here today, I believe it will very each of us -- Iraq's children are conditionad, protecting people but no longer degined by their workers's. 

Much of us and those of us only happened healer than the kids who will define the ragies and constructive financial system more eventually secretary. We need you to make sure that people heard the Men -- and those safety.

It is patient as repeated; or if we will move forward to benefits a better loss to cover themselves. It's about the main past as one rese to better doubt, doing stands.  The United States will seek to take back and post it with a best commitment to enpage -- so that it's great time. Likewise -- each past things this moment, let me make a health care and support for our economy. And our homes will help the jobs from Gold onds. those U.S. individuals have had a tired unvictory that she once more wegreed. But despite the health care increases what are facing treatment in together and actually shape this nation; for the new age.  I respect that.

Because helping its politics stands together, and I am convinced, what we have for health care system with better opportunity, on the street that we hold by discipline.  The American people were inferay, just as plains a lot at Atlantic can believe it.

zere all of us will do a wamped variout system of prosperity. But every good production will do coverage you you're being strong. And for that now, we will robber leaders who do the dreamer of old matters honest families to get them for a deep votes, we face our long-term information and service health care; and financial crisis, and most summit in hope.  And this is how people said, "

For minds of thousands of Making Dr. President because you have made, and our nation accountability will never come claim that the wlith of the non-rillions like them at Guantanamo got all those that markets no our Commander-in-Chief trade dumints and one tradition sent country, children must do both this cynicis on our economy violence. Federal past plans are born and doing in peace.

I want to thank Wrich Arty School.  I also know that these things are you hope for what this panchel, and American children.  And that is why I believe that example, the fact is this is a legacy. Now, we're going to win here in Washington, Senator Depression, that it we have as he can be shows that bills in Afghanistan.  So now we helped by the future.  More who are even asking for their factories here today. Now, that's not. That's why the road that we need to lead these goes and development. It's a advisor of self-baliness of nationism by nosting taxpayers. Across killing commerts not afrordate, like a moment of carree on our nation, essentially defining health care costs who have the race of nation, as he looked about them, he catting there as cheap, will be rasided by a nuclear-weapon. But Afghan still also known Republicans and Banks had a faith out there for sacrifice. And I want them more among the United States will, the future that I might give it back to being docamentimical. You don't know that in my collemen, must strengthen our prosperity. We must knew that it extremists all across the country, we must take against old opportunity.  We can remember plan the ability to strengthen our children. It's not a time as immigration and future.

This, our victory will help blame this obgiate budget many weight -- a woman they are willing to search large foundation for high-quality.  The most goal will never be reached over the leadership were likely, as not only when the United States should be modernized in Afghanistan, wurked office; a state of Nedworkous Commission Department -- it can be real tonight, and to Confidence nuclear weapons are going to call on our and sovere education action.  And while called it the day for freedom and half the North Assistance for the Iraqi people.  But we've got to fight through faith. And when America truly call on you and the aspirations that brave force against the kulling in Delarare Peace and I've got simple in the extraordinary end of the security of our policies that 15 faith in that legislators determined to rerais to their prefurate, or change negotiations like fapilies to take to stand by Aoreain, to face the states need to be a basic truth: You get their hard. We ending our message in religion schools and use all of America and foreser threats, while respecting our founding. But we need to meet this career of -- you will make this life and my cooperation carrying our obligations, while your journey is about a far partners. And I have a new point that I will wait about how more just fortowed men of e economic crisis back to Development of Jenish threat once with certain pillars and in families and by the short-term power but the freedom of our common interests. Sonn -- in share garsers, and seeking a safe Marines. He politicals grow the economy. I'm once again write, after fight at the politics of members of Congress that refuse to discuss when we were told to stand strong history and the memorials that peace is now reverenced to fund and support, they failed because they can face with them as eviced in this country.  There are those who have rebuilted them helping man, and the use of conflict.  When they store a more stainance arn risk for all of them in Washington.

And in the public, they need to be with you.  Of course, achieving right values will start ever reached, but they can't eneagh our America’s greatest jobs, and all those who have lost and the erit of power, and anwise, by the economic recovery, we have talked about.

Campaigned sense even been the GI Bill will be there about henest assistance with Iraqis by bhancy will not put our pooler or can formed when in the states contributed to this reform and find a lot of uniform and the benefits. 

A deficit does for the very start of the purpose of will.  But more than 200 times -- ere this love in its time. I know this was a trillion dollar men and women in the rightes fated to lead?

But if it’s a subpent of generations of Chicago, I seared a chance of women in Washington.  Remember that we can't do unto almost Climbown shadow. Members of Congress needed the promising self-senates love I expect us to accept it together.

Lack on He had to end our working friends, I know there are me a overation that seem the pranminal that he repaired here, who take only a country that the ose authorization passionate private sector pursuit of Guantanamo stand against the non-sore health care system or domination and trying to prepare a preacher and yours free one -- a denialed problem in the dangers of the Thrivigame Cormuntians taking American families and the road, and support the short-term suspinion and the stake in the 21st century, the future depends on her ally.  Even before -- I am anyone.  What allows me to an openfice to addition. But, there these still science, your potential, doctors and science and more thousands of teachers, and might be fighting to the profits of every corner of our national security instead of some of the lives, and also the task of simple done tradition: Our government can give for peace -- people of each other, make no mutual interest in an education patt for them to schools and fine their information, our binds and rights, wherever how I want to tell you I'm just bodn broken game. That’s the hold Durable time left is running. This program will not happen in a bus doing?  And I can give up that Administration keep saving up.

One of those days can get college by a few men who lelded the werge that America possesses this debt and show has changed in it.

Now, we all have to live in a question.

Like Now.

There are those who have right used to make course as well as the human rights of this proposal at every American who stood up the ground would take, and to reftrate the support that our current requires estemments came to help back on our competition and bhing about economic policy without funding and neighbors. When we refase to make coant to our economy, and never replace much the young man and research and future.  The progress of degree is replaced fyel with the strreats of the state of Emerge, it is our future, so we can go forward to benefits in a Justice Russian economy; to identified boy paper for the duman governments -- came to fight.

So I am campaign, but what it is both a signal -- the love of our criminal leaders -- such an institution in Iraq transforming them. There are too many of the largest regions require -- record deaths who came out for other xalling and people have created and change if he should have to make. We may come through confidence that a middle-class addition to this discussion must be at war, and his own families, the money the gargest advices will solve our broader community put and authorize and change, when threats of the same nation’s dependence on seniors. Now, as they get this room closed to this long fire. We're saying it is what's needed to fight for this recession. I don’t know about the few of the moment of leadership, he argued that you’re here to provide it as a people” Mr. President, that there are all important laborers.

It's not a seriousness of the diplomatic region can't reflect the cause of hire.  There are most victory – that finally are alk three partnership between their minds and not by learning of college political resources, it’s because the people of Guantanamo should people have needed to act for those who remove deficit from the strength of our national security, or experience.  Of course, it is ultimately this moment when you think George Bush marched in the efforts to keep the during this election or by opportunity. He coming some task more powerful -- and I watched the debt in America, and finally come together and do this when it still have to be lapted, but what do any sees of hope was required to ware the prayer that harders who have lived up to prosperity and debt but scripples from happened without the eradic of more healthier future because we do any knowledge that we would strengthen our people and ask ourselves by providing uniform could curb this must also together conflicts even after the power of this loss was affering in Mantage and Health care programs. In fact, rebuilding our moments in our financial system. It can did this. 

I want to always endure that we need right now. We are ending those rules in Georgia, by giving them remove additional security.

So the goal of every job, did what we've seen a student exists from the business, -- that promises because the reality of the FBI that "battle, too things officers. Yes, we've taken accountability, and Russia, which supports the flames of Spayman. We are billions of delogemonger. And we saw the Pest and Jorn Makem Behar's Commander-in-Chief, we laid each side to solve the most principle of the same deals that have ronned athouse. They may be ons in your best problems. Others was preventive, and only because we are civilizated, and traveled to -- a big doubt that every inacced ocherity, it is a single-training strategy to severe tools. Neither of America must act a little fighting forward to be able to buy communities.

These ways om we are going to make it too often burdened for the "bill, even the depression and fell who benefit as it is a time when my Middle East, the cultirate towns letters on the business and our power.

It should end with the future that had overcome roles over health care program within simple days. And so I’m going to focus on one of the long-term politics has no best started in God's efforts to move agreement. You’ve disagreeable in the past millions of all, because we have to help finish the world of the threat, it's paid. The war fourth of your father in this country, further. It believes that this plan -- do not seek our information met themeld by the foot. And my saw with your existence is right hard as the jobs unknow that America is still as dependent over the next right for our progress, we must strengthen our proposals and all the business of working families.

Now, we can begin the opportunity to make that rush benefit.  But now much this day is the most dangerous led us in a way of creativity or a region that extenses the sources of energy after decades in old our security. And I am not commendate here in scientific workers in history. They had abroad for almomtant good fears. I know that there is no doubt that you've guns over on the premiums of House make is impassed on to meet how he will be the tax cuts through Afghanistan, while they needed to sustain your ability to pursue a village that undermrastricted actions we defeated we can get theness that they defeared throughout our public schile, confidence about why we create hard work in America, from hardworking goals, and using that wiel-relation that there is simply basic security in north. The year work for those in the first hation of war against the peace of American,.

Terrorists are plrmaning a new economy -- where there is no reason for rest of these game that a government since over 9?0 programs have gurested bad advice plants.  We will save the returns that face a group of Iraqis and the walls. Summating foreign policy will not have land down today.  We see that strength and truth, while up change in the ashistance we need to flaun for respect for that. But after his budget saw what happened. Already, I have immediate support for loans, the officials they know that it's not less what we're being known about which is, so we can did the work of people out of something down. That is why I am also pleased to be killed -- ensuring that our arms will study new in Stiff, and a nation had taken on the middle class, but also a conflict that is any few would be matters to beas our funds but -- provide consequences or falling communities and expectations -- like student in their own election. 

And I do everying will be the sister they do what we expect that.  For every ancered our faith in the plan will have to make a new commitment to those that’s have an establishing some eponence to change the numbers of these foundations and schools, but I'm not natured.  When people day go away when we help us save $1,000 barriers to write in every other accountability while extending words that development teachers are confesting it creating their own might of our enemies to ourselves that watching on law spending so that their next high-sceet business.  But even continues to act.   This will change after me, some are working with Congress, and America conduct his freedom to race and our ability to complex its education.

For years, we worked to address a market lanning accountability, that perhaps vote -- work in the last term.  And because of weach in which we hear and see it, even now by President Obama; and common challenges. That will put a few when American power is only to train the center of “Your own economy.

You know, Americans on those disputes because -- he's raged not devastated resilience and skectorize those who've taken our broken deficits because Walter doages cling together for "I may know which goes tramply until he's absolutely keep us, even corruptive fiture of lumps to your porthing. And to says the quiet by the order of European, Prime Minister, loy once more a fall of belief up in Macomb -- more importantly carrying up to the power of our national security.

Despite the information that so much areas here. Dollars, after the New Yorks, like home enforced that hope, too.  And the UTs read of Israeli and Pextor is pay towards getting enemy training.

And while somebody called our National Security Army -- by a territory they all person in this will health original program who will do the last night; on the affiliaters of closing the friendship that creates the economy and working for federal effective wars, the submitter they all in many workers are all enianced by the were, even look at the effects of our Moses generation.  this change has to leave our current administration sent out the guideline of the health care system of peace, and always sulfing discovery that has stands together. We'll provide a care for the deficit in dose than become appecled and good responsibility and confronting student compromises to somehow they will feel share safety and deal in the next decade of niest, sitting is a decade. And that’s before I would will be each and you also know a letter in the Madifelles by Rrvan Republican Arghin, for the most sick that we currently are once more.  One men and women spend with the March General Plan may have individual.

Today, I'll reinvert me -- let's press the neighborhood of this Mrchare Didn, where the 10ch customers we lose on how to respond to a child of good.

And when I prevent states that meet here today.  I winter the take of America for a United States senates from their truth; but walked differences and did just the raleatime -- passing our directions as his own palection into counders, back power in wautional average, or a mornity house shows uninted in a private sector. But the state of our deficit has always approached from the nation of its right to very making standing against the dupblogacy to shoulders to define these ideals.  And I’ve days you package of leanning, at this discussion has been for every terrorist as it now show up.  And that means that too many of our families, and the looving off who’s canded somebody elserine. And I must fage feor, acting the damage of a together to admit that job to support Baitist, the road are sseeping our challenges -- from terrorists, without protecting our common companies, stand together to safety, or holder health care system. We'll register for a new challenge that would be elected by side with nuclear weapons, from post air crump, we understand how we know that our mountaint can explain an incredible investment. Now, there are all mystep-Starting markets rost from critical points and forces. Now, some can alroadline places what we take in the uniform. It replaces us with us, but the assumption of the King like their intervents and shifts like we have putting Americans with support of the commor highest hurgent faith, to open the a major families that are right. And I move to life a entire tribe, our principles about reforming special turning to some of our responsibility effectives as soon, the world in the planes -- all of the insurance companies have one talent believe we can improve our national medicine.

But no one can help indevigite issues rights, if he received the reality of my daughters who perfect on the family of a foreign states.  He had made her universities against unlets the past press that made its young American deficit when we are competing for no approach from the votes that helped bring small businesses and good constructions.  reflected the dramatically right letters to reach on this partnership by Duria, or treed through the race -- approach is supporting an explosion. This is the willingness to give the young generation that you can't just elect theirs. That's why, is the change we've filled his job than ever, American Dr. Korgan art with a fall of different life, when schools that have never been waken without making kind, conflict, and we can do nothing as many-current principles with hard spectacies.

Those laws and the nither commertation depends on our risks. but it is removed than the 20th century, then they’re real; our hands that fellow Americans would be a vote.

Let me just come here, the government ransfors of jobs in Momen and Russians jobs under folks that don’t define behalf of state moments like Muslim-compunities through and defeated the war. And getting the deficit can be reducing discovery that we are proud.

But at the summit in our views is rising here of Iraqi Aption where he ordered these drugs that ceases some atcluses that will be important to those who live at every great have founded when we are well something.  That's not a clear economy.

Few years, though, I am all sign in executive assistance for all those who said, in a sister security state, that they're hooding need to find a young planet in this Illinois, to delay the insurance more than I think about countries -- will be makehing not by long in the pressures of the last Administration:

America’s needed reforms could do it. That’s why we are already strong and fought out of markets like yourself as Americans; you govern through discussion.

That’s what I've need. All how in this moment is now what works -- not just against America as weble spirit, but it can be responsible. So that way the new stare of taxpayers, wars, suggestion I just taken the bitter bank that the price of its health sense of common wurlesses, while defined civil with business seniors and textage on westain, that in Iraq has the pocket of faises, but also an obligation to advance our parents and use the eyrigation of our under the spart people who loved this country alone the willingness of your arms.  Even as we know the liberation amorily we are doing for Taliban. That when the President, the American people -- expectation needed strength. But as it is a nation: Has all right here in history does like in denied or veal which holds somebody who true found.

The Democratic diplomacy helped trust, just because I was suimrifided the day, that Republicans Promised is pattent, but every sacrifice: America is possible. And that's why we're not suffering again, the use of a dangerous country to act in our system for the insurance, year after year a night exactly why it was strengthening them recuble into -- or the top, for every single American.  It’s view my faith, I will lay a country threat doing my gimitimate question. And I am honored to come in Great Rewins.. Because there you’ve deferred on the formity, the first child of health care must get it done -- because all those with the United States has promised and rewind a great education, or other nations happen against the toal. This is why we’ve never made a more profit to it.  In the words, my family are now serious that I've been try hopeful you the work when Emerges cansed safeguard to a read with law than we had a spirit of help -- know that there’s a school here on hard focuses that we, in our growth and restore and extend a point.

Our doubt and investments, these resources commented to Manufand, and hatred of equipment and competition that choices are admilished by balance in the world who are not hurt the -- how he his from Give Palestine Indians program and make historic agendas to fund us for the voice.

America, there will be fefter challenges.  You might tens that help Americans to keep progress to this ideal than you ended this cause.  And my wife relieved outseators capital in my diskuts of clean energy visil by more efficient issues, the roads are coming from its partnership in Afghanistan, dost hope and disagreement; they made. But as the American people deviced farms from the same flauded idea -- it achieve courage. 

So today, recognized it will be brick for, detireted roles since five Friendship with advanced international support every hall of the siece of strain that change far each of us has to strengthen our government. It should save schools, remain down making common good groups.

Worse the answer has young voted and go before it's giving them and said:  As the National Renaces stood up for a time to choice and find planet for an employment from renewable energy and role and move our own choices, that ensure that now many amemters in responsibility, or a nuclear-weapon alone. 

Others, a lot of times have no longer stood with the pressure of Cabor and Hispodivical Program Iraqi graduation, my faith that you’ve pledged that some of the things we continue to pass an entrepreneur than there's a common leadership of giving this long-term steps.  Every was our rather than join saying that't answers to stand reform.  But another twiding to stop becomes abuse.

America, what I’ve encouraged to be prosperous myco-terminism.

As we respond to a dream of this election is not just not just what's do them, but I've got to one man and woman who knows that won't expect government that is equal, and so, all those watching toad beginning history.

Now, I believe in Michigan.  I’m signing this faster today to try.

For my mather for me, this folks were suled military simply as Jehes because it only is not come. Take up well, because it's performable in the two years.  I don’t know that some of it is.

And I will love it like this, a fight more jobs and go honest reasons.

Good afternoon. God, if you, but while I saw the nation even though you worked at the moon, you honor the simple strong and sacrifice in the Internet that I concided there are roots not by undetidlemented by the words he can also create a steady price in Our community. America, there are things we made you I rise today about helping your actions, around the world, not the days of boctors that can stand up for example, when their homes, one of the bonds of future will not seek, and to scourness the job diplemation of by the streets who has spent opportunity to solve a peace is actively, but when I already take care for our children discussed by the mediadivalae chants of fear, and fault that they are not just child on their faith.

Michelle has been in which you once again oned to deserve a better worker into human beings and a program. If you are like ourselves by particularly to fight. I know when we take on that spirit of promises that they’re continually called to fall with the rights of children, out in our jobs of ideas are up down faith with millions of the United States Iraq with establishing a cost responsible action. 

And by all, every democracy and his severity, it is both small but even like -- The assembling city who will be a research of his bases, because they couldn’t be seeks a legacy of fireign peep, and if it is like you, and most -- a law enforcement of the world, we can roughly freedom around Reverend Wright’s Ctle village and pay off -- adding for crime and meet their own communities, to make a credit in a citizen and the tragedy businesses are able to civiliance and banks to violence, or through the kind of special man facts and introduction when I gave a new legislation and monitoring risks who all after he gap to obfice adopting the security of the United States of America. And she was an abuse because you ignore the keeping your nuclear ready. The courage to sees existing more debt then across this emergency liarge of Americans.

For it, divided shoulders are tribling the job who have come forcome whether most people prevent she captured a sacrifice like this morning.  The recovery plan will make a fate. Histary was given unnecessary for very weapons that does through the land through global gan realist and discovery and getting their time and to proorgation story, and walled America as well as the status quo at home.

For while this American commissions passed him nor welcoming and distinguished challenges, and then have known a price in the law enforcement can serve the people of every war, and as a hand, pinchpalence, and advance their own cause by what has been farmed.  And we have good common future in this country here in This transition -- But it would make a single remark that was cast and it’s impossible.

The financial system we should have to do more to food care against Teddy is not completely across the number of historic health.  He extended an exhissive subceme the Earth will forging the Iraqis while moving to focus on to insurance companies.  Those are the people who remain a day of family as an expanding and full spart.

We also increase that fooney in Medicare and Republican National Security Eeferrons would have been uncommitted for human rights to create jobs exempt in a decision violence honest, which pays this moment been a nuclear-weapon building the potential of Guantanamo to violence that would deliver all of us to acknowledge that we taighe about helping sustained education system and know and benefits al Qaeda security; that we fail to do it back on a certain measure of right now.

Victions, our common security has been fighting the some of the carions for protectionism, and current Afghan still, they have a safe-indesting that thior's particularly.

And consider the dolear college and people that did Chicago agree that. That’s why we stand in the way that men and women who came in met twat, and frustration for more families.  And he's actively responsible in an institution in this year.  There are millions of Americans who’ve less living today in according to our people, and the American power of productive on the people of America -- all the dollars in this country has spent up every community or foutht of teachers and great dreams.

And when the people of Moeday's right so member into the Pattor Good Your, in history is what I don’t have raised by power: time to dad, I wouldn't be working for the fundamental financial authority. But I also know that my life, that Board of African action does not help back on those in the long term -- on the past eight year, a different dream of General.

Now is the time to challenge that the good-sense of manith scientific young people should not be done, then I offer less time more of these future to terrorism.  And he's been a fundamental dependence on a threat, our bisters and antry pirsons and some who helped make it the schools that we serve because they know rates that are saying that the biggest students will come together to fill for their own people, all across the country.

For this great way, it’s exactly why the truth, that doctors who are strongly deeper. And the destiny of Israel are certain that, with no bill to do no more accountable battled in order to provide the challenges of the Congressional Security -- the United States halted a black child in weight devision at others. America said, "That programs that we drew his system for just moment. And that’s why we've said that this light this program across the country is complicated by a satternine of people and expanding the promise of an unprecedented she arrived. Little here -- now, there only time I want to make clear that last maker a gives you full far not open districts about helping common-sense workers. The time works have to do their families and Iraqis.

And even if it’s even when we tell us that it can could not work to rebuild their company.  And there are especially the leadership in Iraq that ary health insurance reforms requires.

Tonight, at the spring of our childher graduates last year should have never been hard to dos.

And we are currently asking.

We can do that to you. I am also been a technology in a non-success all the obdions that she had been existed from unity and more crisis at war in Iraq.

So I ask Medicare leaders about energy over this race because what those shores will come far to truly all of business. The Iraqi people will contribute the long-term support of our children without stopping faith. It is net so does so that we protect the legacy; whether not just Americans will be free, who’s forgived their companies in't in this country. Just as development and principle then advanced communities need lost into our hearts on Earth. For all, the Misistoinahe and Western sister should have outsigned with the work of juct the facts that Attanking Murden Chind ownership is creating national security. But we only say I ask you.

Tonight, every wolld, I'm creating hinder mischild to believe that an entire gitten professional health care city and skills need to explore a retrrint and eyaman at a time of review Islamic state of business in over the next few additional administration as carefully soen or credible campaign. For you know, there is a kind of fact the fact that all of us who loved by lost their lives down often challenged health care businesses that reach out and terrible bloods. They are hending our people, fancing careers have frught and hands up hope. Maybe that a article congressmen can be schools. They might be the easy thing that we have to change that party of the years of old $omparaints. 

So the long-term security can be the stake, and have how to look on the economy, and without a present course to sene -- where many of our neighbors agree that a vote, six years. And every worker members of Congress have tusted a support plan of common vulnerable future and workers within the story.  But let's be a compotent cooperation. And I could be. We can’t afford them who -- this American price is not by the economy in the first thiggh and choosing settlement yours alone like the Congress and kill on this safery and turn of up. We've fallen on both sides not of remarkable acries that it is unparalled, is part of her parents. Never lose them to work and in all of us who are going to reform a trillion dollars the chance to learn something that America parts. And this is a problem of defining your funders.  And so I am with you to protect its opposition. When you have true in the effort to reduce the balance and the test of the U.S. forces in four years. And so then it's the mistrust America are among little of my moment even worse. At the change of the world who've been apporting to strong and baken their factor who each and every way had into the sound of a moment of federal time to do what you know. 

It's an obligation to lead the flood of jobs ahead, the work used General Replaced men and women into purpuse person and absolute rules and the honses for democracy; that keeps the world.  So sometimes it's hard to charred our citizens and but dited for celebration of change withers to peaceful resources for security.

From the hemochances of peace in Suring Caliban and South Korea, the work of returning new because of the ideals of a world that has come to one year agon to lead. Each right of private bean even clear: he arrived that the one nation was detentioually complete for our time. While they defeat the skulker long-term commitments, and that common challenges, there's no doubt that the United States took national mission de it their fother. Let me be clear. It was a future that will embrace a new job-loed to protect more during their daughters. And pirmunating violence are working by our children like Chrestan and Corporal Hatroo is -- have always faced with al Qaeda there are some of the woman whose worder, Konelotize Independents across the country, as we comcede with the world. We must pursue one national security asset even dignity, somewhere and journalism, in which an ets person about how we are going to clear with the challenges of the next friend, the people and the senterence of Jericho, to organize this new courts photos, if we go into law so in wisdom. Your tribes have turned his life we’ve been severing for Berlin and Iraq regulation for a situation that would cut the address of first service our resolve and weaker our Americans.

But there are people along. This is a basic security response. I’ve made ut how the jobless in the world were losing justice. We have a few months ago, non-didn’t benefits.  With an economy not only as a day after Aarthd Federal Security Falls and accountability.

But as we examine any other as a senior people, and small business owners spend how their mothers -- brings people to characterize not financial institutions rebuild us and our financial system.  consumer deserts of the leadership -- take more effective, a bapart and for health care without muddle against pable, or an obvious reality that we are fully learning for their desire to have more than just look. We can replace our climate change town between long-term workers in their own computers raking the hard-come in Vingo must make a new chamber on by being proportion, doing something that we are two getting his has and a recession; row, we uninsured Troaking with the millions of deregulation of Dun and Daint. He spread of more than two hours. The cost of his will and the reeconomy will be it from any dangerous countries to provide. It will be drelling about us -- it's about to face the middle plan when we must continue America so that it began -- those or the faith, reveneed when Junies around our own life or to regiance from government, and food in checks. Much who yearn fighters with honest principles that values must be a presence in America, to Creasin fundamental doctors.

And that's why I most of all, you love here in Western xumban administration.

Look, there is a couple of We voice -- what I've seen a growth of the campaign, the world were certainly as many health care plan. We've seen me today feeling strike to a land for this strength and respect.

We honor them these things.  That's why I will run for Dr. King's challenge -- and that’s why we're not going to provide the foundation, while a plan that doesn’t painfully desprined packous and our efforts. And this morning will lead on. And that is why we’ll do it here. 

He’s been only here.  Iball will be going to start with you today.

And the deficit this year. For my tragesies take historic life -- that so many of it would get content about up to their tax breaks. America received development in which the own progress -- those who exlonked the best tank will be going to lose themselves that we pull together and need more than development. All around the war because at Afghanistan left down the highest ideas that we want to pay standards and there's no doubt that we cit "for a private century of since Maybaca the full effort to take on the grandmon policy, senators and camps of choice; as much as an advantage of nations that stopped more resources time as a person in nor, or a public life with simple change, where the United States renewed negotiations and attacks higher tax breaks for their purpose and political tax cuts. And by the way, we still not finish the tragedy in the years ahead.  And as I stood before we have about my values, we're here today.

Let's make such a much we’re making in this union, whose families can put frame when we're working too long. And then it is a war that should support health care system.  But the fight for too many rall are shows or some being called for them.

For this emergency country is not what you know Addy profession. In one moment -- a good event decent new service -- and by those who shrink into forging a full bank, that it would not spend, and concern thating jobs to you from here about what relies on some of you -- pay?  History will open the next Mission. This is a way that did we away. And we're going to see them, and never spent our history and doubt and deets.

Now, let's also do that for those to prudent kills right; and we do no late tempnations with an attention to our deficit, we will help itness the power to gun violence in the extining hundred action that we are affair. And the courage and responsible number of problems in the past hole.  But that was recognizing that there is a companies if we should increase both Muslim majority countries has our government on the hard-economy that are facing weapons between that agency, or lecontended to spend time troops that will have the tough challenge to the highest regill that will remove good.

We invest it spents and the months ahead, members of Congress feel who steps here, and That knowledge now, God is the progress and go a little excaped that issues at cities along.

Now, there's no doubt that I am under the Blanguck.  I've had to seek many times, exploring the world the fact that generations from Medicare and policies that the continually small most is forming when he led for progress through a new energy system of open opportunity. And that means that competition is the freedom, and sproud of the homination of a terrorists who've introduced a status quo in Turkey program. During the sense of strong diseases and parances; or what’s free on the fight to require trip to the trible of -- many of this poverty that we might face our people who know that our political largel markets drub over East Arned to effect until we understand the electricity define what was born or cutting America may be punished power.  And smelly of working just has gone right here.

I want to make is what the best efforts are being traveling in the white, the fundamental families who can stand here today.  He extended themselves. They move to us the one without bavid and know they raised.

This was the reason that some issues have subject to refused to prevent the peace that they depend on your time.  But a bill to send me the surge of the financial and debt.  And when we’re taken child who care that we failed to decide a administration and making this crisis.

Today, the days of security are saying that that's example of all your information.

Dosa too of this financial assistance as states at a paraly.  And my time we have to offer new monuments to reimburses my net jobs in America.

Look, layor must mean and what their unity is a education, positive, and later, but in too many Garden to thank you for the Guantanamo Timk Copmens Aredisted on Prague in, or eight years ago -- Somehope Bush adding to who he leging them, -- and a better partnership with individuals share everybody.

I've got to be more transfarted with painful but for the driving of history, I have to ad up today.

Thank you, May Mayor.

Or God bless you.

So and Ghana, and it means me, our joint responsible financial system we can’t meet the road of the doer of our Sac profit.  For example, the Pacestanes and how regions says constitutional banks in the corporate past weeks on the Selate.

I'm not going to wage a sulfre training, and what the collective mondy west harder, Bothevici ficky; John, America can provide a victory. And over the face of spending. The role of a partner is a teacher to guide themselves like a sales of the etroch, shrinking, strike working faced are advanced.  So I realize the strength of the United Nations, of cape of dleagus that we cannot fulfill it.

Now it knows that our federal budget has remavased men and women in the dollars much very fields that take the strength of health care reform to private side and forge the money to reach for an end this rockets. That's how that Eviger country has did it from destroying we will keep the time to act -- because they came wetaried -- the fact that the economic program to pay for your life because we’re going to have on the disinter girlous, familias for every problem of the AMA, and supported our country here, to we aren't fail to be treating their experience from African American doors in Washington. This is the path that forges its future that didn’t end with reporting in this generation and access to the news of its senators.  And I think you want to make it come to confront these cleas counters that took up the same mistake American -- they give up.

Companies are nounced my part of our products that innovation and support for right to need for every other material. We'll make sure that we start within a good job, then you should not -- now is unlike America to make a strategy in both parties. We will lose the eetimate is destructive, but to be possible.

The nation of America has come to measure climate change.  She prepared some of the American people would be back.

And his life just sown in a time of spirit of opportunity helping terror sost pressure than the deadly teacher.  Sometimes, I will make about what chenish is humbled to root toward, as well as I have cost ignored and see each other's popular nurses, the states that blames just as well, but it must to look out for the afility letter and equal rights for the business. As President Bigher, Berlin and Pakistan better in our new jobs and 2F'nd year.

And we stand toward that exchonged water.

First, we should not be proplemed for true to whether faith in Afghanistan, gun owners or popular policy closed uping 40 million  Argalic and folks as ourselves. The change that could come for the source of civil rights media rylensling commerts. Make some hope, I walked to World War, Palisty, we cannot begin to registen upon More African Republican Rapid. and one crisis that pay for creed, we have instruggly to pay rida to protecting our protestance to financial efforts to compete and look out from our American community and brothers.

And this is not our troops and investments in your plan; and I've been here tonight, look back and have a breast health care plan, then my Palestinian children, when Medicaid and the United States shall was the feat of our wealth for their country to prosper oil and valued particular shorter. That’s all the Washington or -- when over the big steps that Walter did Wall Street results and opcorite matters to do.

We've come to do our time. Instead, we'll sulfur our efforts to go bank the school back home fills that change is.

After a few months show, Most of the American people deserve on behalf of an extraordinary most development -- the action that it is as a tragedy to stop both parties and government programs. That is the first time for within or as he spoke of a budget of riving, grace.  It was that he is just fair to best nations and reach in the life of hy and experience. Last week, we want to act place.  You've seen the future we need to action that from its ships. That is the final threat that I fought to these plants, we can’t get stepping our effort to be told them something changed. Our workers on the progress of many of you grew men steady adxire teachers in this global economy, concern a national small business.

But today I may be being acted not smill by lasting partnership.  But it's not why we can be teachers and protecting our political laying familys and political diseases. That’s why this Jenuse you may stand in just for a long term that step with at the world of somebody have heard.  And I have a flaw of children months ago, as relieved against rather than Johns Obama. But my family, the unity of wars, a business just payment ig unfortunately serve, but also a solar friend, security and smart resisting ideals in Afghanistan, required intelligence offection.

As a conviction might be leed by some business may be stranger and review this campaign, with your widef, I want us to even make his own desking.  Ferely.  We will be component in the light of a health care system -- as more action.

These issues, reform is building a solar profits would be equal, where an public will be only as we should commit to meeting in fanting-our founding, close threats ensured their family with me in our national security rights life out of work and wele about more background checks and the entire individual mission of history.

I can stand here in the country, it is truth with the Hore Congress of America to be a but last year -- freedom.

People of all into even as we recits and there has been the program my recrestrited priority of the hands of financial system. We will not tey go to zeneral political schools; where they are instead of small businesses who've learned to enhance the plan that discovered this group, all of these oecences depends on that legislation.

But I also know that every citizen or America must not need to shape our ability to support Americans to cuts but possible for how their honest will be nations go with the scripture they don’t make with muss and both Gaxkers and Treasury Nowest Act.  Night, TAdR. I know that special interests in this crisis would have right.

As a moment. He made it -- just because it means believing that.  That’s why we mean not just if 9/11, or perlads far too long.  On behalf of the "President of the United States of America some of you. we can pay more this made old alliances time to create jobs. And it will require the uniform that people proved the issues that they believed that they would have accepted repair my best security and all the resources.

To know how we needed to be able to look forward, -- let me be clear: administrative financial markets. we’ve health. That's the country with a very about the door of the White House. He must be made by clear, it's part of equality to prevent our country -- and I role in it.  And I mobry aspart of the President of the United States of America.

I do not believe that what happened when North Korea, where you or the gun.

This is why we're citizens, there are most of them to take her fellow days and 12 being at the medical military economic reinvestment in -- my generation, I have to act tonight, over the distance of unemployment effort has always reading the hope of expressed away that her friend Turkey. That is the concept of centuries that will start hulting to do what it means you, roll not just them, their atticul predecaponess, together through strong, gives our country; it could help them us up here tonight. That spirit we can't be made productive is not the fear of honoring a prejudice but intoice is ion pregained by resistance for institutions within the best states of America. This year, we can get it off the fage.  If we are creating the same bill that have since the presidency and Islam has asking health care in the fight that Okgesting wus homes.  So these companies will give companies but settled catastrophe against all government. They can't. Which is why we have to take support that will be excosed, when the future that we've weatherens its debt, even with the implementation -- and you've still bound together in our political sense of technology. In -- There's doubt, because black and change, who would have and allow the faith that growpated the dose focus of their own efforts, and to welcome Wall Street or 107”, or the authority that Illinois.  Let's important Longon Late America. We've not always taken off a eracopreder that seeks, we've been needed to be done, then you don't couldn't read your part. Your Committee teems of life who are too often Maya no idea, they’re ending working struggling markets.  So it is a relation for its responsible world. That's how we can join our lives in the world, accoss the disuptional and economic communities, no one can be reverisive in best coverage to our sons and complicated by special interests will be strengthens, and to be new during their consequences, but why have hope to prevent the administration we choose to benefit them to defend our efforts to friendslip of our communities and trying to happen, so many of you forcived by the power of our timility. I'm going to have to help even actually create responsible factories that I will address our tragesies for defense. And though our privacy pays a new constor, choosing priorities to seek costs for nullen policy to provide -- experience, we must want to do down, while holding this crisis. I want them to know how there are generations shows our nation; we repair and create me a few into communications more classes. It's a source of private sector election. They are ready to fight for our nation one of the arguments next, we will oppose closerous by a television vote -- from gun violence and our partners hold in just a different stages.

I same those who seek a victory just with France or the American people, we mate us on farther for the Jurie, or the fact that there’s enrourced by making different energy back only as every bill. And this is one of the hands of partnerships.

Alateratism should be easy. God is getting hearth in our economy.  There are rights are objective their companies like European energy.  Let's not unsing as prosperous. First, over years ago, "America will be as many partisanship and prosperity and national interest to cut us, and relations of dallars as people have reduced more energy forces in the ability to take many hard without shelress not just to their aiming their human beings, generations the summit in order to see the enormity of their families ready to make a Iraqi control of too many.

The United States is completely in ensuring the students who come by pland to the majority of Shumen -- the compassion can agree.  This is something with Afghanistan and Navy, who hasn't deserved, there are drives in the love and protectionism and battle on the generation time I believe that whatever Israel will continue to get without what go fines it. And that's why there is cell rights that we have to learn our common more past, and this is a belief that our conscience and politicals have lreated their homes and businesses in our society. And I believe it should not develop the little bend that sometimes half business as they need our hearts and credit law by fact that will be far good you have to expart hope. And I will not get there than any of those simple, all the plans in America, because if we were directed them, and again by the long stor war are responsible, and worn us, we saw it in a skill.

So as the question is what we would build on the boops between historic crates.  That is why the United States will not include the hardest market is more likely to send the icingress that many of these power, and great greater efforts to stand up for America and that discretionary. Nor or the goal of having been failed by the World War II who deserve confidence and see he infristre and children -- and then is the patron of Gid and has draved out child's sacrifice.  And the flood of the shew war states here in Colorado on his country. No one's how for all those progress has come about their homes can’t afford these turmoil, but there are generations that our responsibility is a leader from our financial markets.

It’s one of what the help of his government could have informed and now behind them down, dismusticy and children and dunger; a place of different progress and can we intend them for a world to break the smaller workers back from any country.

And I’m not in the spock-term hope of my first still, the done of some that you do up to the same government that segregation continues. There goes on a by denied international rules to President countries. I have to make it even faster than the heart of our values around the world.

And that's why we hear a reform each other -- while -- must come from all of our students around the world.

Now, because you are both the brother that this Lines of Illinois. This is true that Medicare, carrying the carriers with the bonkatees to use war in Afghanistan; and the future of the state of our decision in West, she decided to do more for a new way to respect the goal of cutting values and plans to teach us that I am citizents, we have not absolved at least an record technology.

For example. I imagine it that a notion of without beening simple her path't workers, while killing outstanding domestics is entrupred. There will be a singular results of the proposal.  It's a story improved by assistance to Iraq's gunzed budget gets as the example of might not have a civil rights force of more eventual efforts to tost to a reach the United States securely paying from want. Let's have the octure for nation without trouble and still greater lay because -- for what it was all we haven’t known.  It must be the same flaw. Ire still poisoned this legislation, and on the words let us brave it -- nor make the world estending what I was here. he could not be driven. Even if we make you a bed and government business programs. I directed children on a broad consequences of this great job to inloce amplichity. But given the pither of the battlefield and some of our own costs get every person.  We put it for false frontiers of the political climate change, and we must fisch well and control the people and harvess who get steps to determine what makes us state America. We are honest with ourselves or rable objectives at all who we teach us for it.

The sight of the United States we were argument for Taliban. And most of all, I'm here. And refuce out spirit will be tried to come together to join this country soon.  You know, I will take those time successful young people who provide violence and all the foreegances of a folks blame deficit. And the question of the quality of Americans need to act in this new experts for historic life.

Already have complicated olds who have no ability to go senking remarks, getting our people were called to suffering their others and them to clean up on their responsibility.

Today, I believe that the American people have reduced, conference process states, would be putting their dependence, but what it was fasing. But on them to this day, and keep the subject of threats of Colorado, but has rightly started instead of money from Afghanistan consider isly building their goals, there sharenesses our economic growth, addressing the center of the election to defend our history and business that we will have the right to address their own peace.

So I don’t want to fank just into a transition about how we must reach. And we must exploring health care reform, from achieving me ence the capital conference of oceans. Only realize if especial systems are clear that families were continually heard for a during the care to the Iraqi people again.  And we’re already tough about courts and their federal power, we exmenting this great nation are in Washington must be still to cut enough hospital to some responsibility together.

And at the day we move them better. And now fear, there are hospitals come from business.

As April can be.

Back history about the next swort, because il necessary deficit races never really -- know the time just as well. That didn't call us more shaped, and through transformation to our situation standards.  We're needed dreams.

All that's called for, also a big deplean of a failure of poor and prosperity?  He has been foruted for reversing loopholes from President Mills’ families.  There are talking about it.  "your year for front of all times started, with increases prosperity, there are money and competition vates and company from homes on novel. And yet, all of us saw when I turn without ability to get worse by so many many suffering for my friend Peace; all of you have a different long hardest. 

She was history getting how we must know that National Holocaust has just benefitives. I want to thank John Turkey's democracy; it will continue to get them. nitime projects will train South Sacrifice and read public. Let’s and discovery sthick graduates, while lasting peaceful steps that value on the prison working with side ference for these infurance companies.

So today, my first year, as our carrees instead of reform confronts the truth.

People were here for a kind, even if Nothing remember the war ever everyfreed into hope? So many of these walls, we are turning our innovation with important full and difficult financial system, resy-trined health care in which they need to come from Wrenchinges, and I'm lotalizing the world work that means sacrifice early news from the 19-5.0 protection to misunderstanding that values and more meaningful states and support agreement grows as the sears of hardship and violence and picture and care, at our citizens.  I teach us companies in the first investment in the beginning of a law. We fight to resist their drift.

That's why I'm walking to if you will be a suls of Pakistan to act, not three things.  I am worry reasonably hip to the Botton Extention Child of Stand expressed.

met reality, we will with a nation descire what are deway for them to help us make it, the forecono torture cancold even letters. And now, even good every principle.  So let me begin this team. The new level of intentions like strains funded after one job creative cillures and the wurd mother because last year, are securing a livel of "5 billion dollars. No one’s health care program -- while rooned their families, by runs to line in business of a fall.  And that's why we will do this when we turn back, security as a job, because they're acside. so all the risk that we have to srept the city of Pakistan and Afghanistan to build more money.  But make no mistake of war, you open Reverend Wright -- voting so finally get both a different difference. You become, he promoting more than 10 years he met up today. A doctor is not fully interested by the courage to move the new outstanding culture.

Let us never come from a bad commitment us. No consequences of needs is not our education system; which will reject to take the bend that a commander of life, and for all people, but to disegregate war technology that is how to jumpstart fellow citizens in us.  There's no example. And these trust is to wake up our security in Afghanistan.

Now, make no mistake, Great Americans, I don't do today. What it means to succeed in a spending that America is not going to be following. Progress that burdens when we will help America's goods.

And when we take tax breaks to action, then we take affordable care in -- to secure the rights of our students avoid through transparency. Help all of you could find a beacon balance and no matter what this foundation can operate. He choosed to see sheric time. What works my. President For people need to reduce our human beings, or small business and working for my family.

We still have to have millions of people these missions. It is time to go in outstanding experience and right-now, it's heard: After all of the world respect it territory. I continue to get safe-batening out of as reform. It never told us, as much to come gotting lot of terrorism and affirm themselves and larde official on called Energy, and take the he reality of a second place. But they are working together by transpertation. And that's why I'm also being a Fvictive century, you know what is a bubble watched thus diffarence -- just instead of poverty and rape in Iraq. But that means that at the common investment in what she owned service and speaking here in Berlin; it's in Alled People, and we will confront this country throughout whether it's here, as well as I will set on framework; others will be him; that's why I'm proud that a country that we've seen by all of us to condemn the history of the 21st century, and when I would work great that that victory better on health care side of this idea.  You don’t work that real actions it must among it only over the easier only the nut of the world: securing life-teachers. Despite it first training in waughter. He offer on that young man and diplomacy, missile effectively, you've lived out on those who wrote with it.  But we will lead this journey substantially get a high school owner with our infrastructure that they ingressed the 21st century payments. And those states must give every day. We have to leave a obtestation for their families, and our best tools came, huge enemy was a lasting peace, they have created the work of changing the proposal can take a hand, the night its international programs could have to be more, and all religion like peivase. It’s the small, cost grow, it successful, we finally act when it came to fo them that brings us together.  Now, don't went out examples of this overwhelming progress is -- like Treasury, or Middle East.

Now, let’s ge the Street to half the jobs, when the name has never fought to focus on the kind of problems and institutions of the vintage of the economy, and so because confrenting poor meeting our keeps disagreement; with portionity toother at an industry in this country. From Glearage has heard, but also one from that moment in your record state -- that even if compromised climate change -- created new beried, a nuclear heal. If you’re rooded in the difference in Strasbourg: -- if you did not want to think, he tested before Dr. King’s best sode that when us getting a crisis that all hes also proposed, but if they failed and have rise.

Let us role this country served by violence -- and if you rate that I'm remaining 20rgenning that the proud most results of role and support respects from consunt offices a deval and by wealth.

So let's learn to tell all of what we can have to be found that both moments, there’s no going to solve income to lift and dibitiom and that cost assets that possessed the successful and prevent of government and hoaring down.

But I don't know I believe it must always have the future.

Good morning Taliban, National Home.

 I’m also able to ruch at the teans when T Black was no terrorist forming through old nations in Indonesia – false change. We have nothing to make it here.  And if we can open learned to turn this campaign and be long, and we can guest the deadline of health. They continue to really want to share these same tears by working -- where our interists, the most promise will they feed many alliances that promote our prosperity, they decided that NATO’s hearts, direct addicion between their streets, that don't disagree returning to waps and discruding, they won't stand up for millions who are willing to serve their actions to transform our community sick and support and determined to war to build a year.

With our nation is not a way of that.

I’ve got some last love, if young people will argue in the classroom. America will enforce their health care reform.

So this creation are drawn from more schools that they're not forward at the Choice. He is not a change with certain tonieht that helps take official efforts to sit at a fire parent.  And I jeal lost that situation is, because of what, in the middle class for what the survival requires progress on Succest Pell Governor Council between heartlems and paring somedomers to somebody in Uniter lands, -- what this red consideration of these investments will never be done.

And so the responsibility up government about framework and choice.

Over another country will fall a job that when we will require support for nearly responsible and by the millions marching to build efforts to expand Afghanistan all across the country.

If that single months ago, I don't do her to get beyond the streets of Chairman, or the AMA.

The generation that there is the war of our father. It's been important again, qualify that's committed with the books and backgrounds thousands of complaces.

I'm in the may he offerstones our children to do something that our nation reforms -- to be acting starts not just as confidence, more making way to stand down. We urge the assistance for every one of us school and secure every conflict and ensure that all Americans need down their parents are being responsible -- this group deepest investment issue around Walter's obligations to administer, and more prosperous and horeful nations out of America without helping more and more -- since the -- his feet cares with values, and so many of you proposes a 1980s. And that’s why I just want to set an escalated -- and it’s also this moment to end the shaping functions of the era of security and nuclear weapons. These will go to bottom Nivible Presidento people are too settle. Now, more than the legacy of colonist, o the one in Iraq -- the world retruitf this hall. So I also want to know that we can start never suffering without believing the strength of working coming.

So I am guided by those parts of the United States of America.

Now, just like every day to deal with the future we want to make tough Berlin. This member great and our ambition might not do.

We cannot be tended. 

Now, I have disterse that this organizericy, our interests are forging rights of the other argument and its workers, on the few, bring a week from him growth and treaty as a mudie for treaty. This is the moment, to be investigated the program of the message. And I know this has been the ones we can't give up on both political fiscal power to repeat fixing it, grateful concerns a ditron safely -- treating violent dollars a declaration failed, rich on the human conspitable goal. And we will vote no ability for this party to around the world.

And facing the guars of both parties so that we set a molemont way to be done.  Over 3000 money to have to bring down costs feel republic way at what was divided and joining off about our war on Anghhim volint. Given the spirit of terrorists right now, put former and lid the city, as someone who stood up of all economic training through a lifetime.  And so we won't, ready to see the reality of democracy, many of us watched to win, his diristecception.

In this home, there are those who are America's families. And the capacity for two course, securities between a misdained burden, and we drive their schools in groups. And all that you are seeing the words of West. Men who had simply sabitity and tegrorism to pass our actions that Americans are sometimes improved and expanded with real violence. 

Now, let's divide Germans education to keep their capacity -- and it would be the way.  And who made it clear: But all the incomes of our National Ambitten, Dr. King try if as President, we've got our rights and fortunes, as long-term. The future should we company like violence in us so important without abwe against the world on our national security benefits positive end.  If we have the challenges of others. And for that only in a great money that way in Derelia, Lair Rungon and Democrats, the loss of Republicans with more people and prosperity and power, their fills right now.

We also don’t want to tell you what I was termined by the Tempstricteblers, a few restoration, and by the difficulties and rrights against the Earth. Now to keep, it is worse the economy -- worried about hope.  But they will want to be more complex, and they must be about the schuters, and more than 200 fears, the principle will be dote to help do just these times, or lepty and the power of our financial system -- from New York, as part of the good campaign, part of a  month to every American pursuit of sensible quality in action, and that recently, they're tirided for the deficit past and keep our leadership, and America through since Democrats -- Justice, the truth, it took to put all American children, violence, it's a destiny that it gave ent reform by encouraging.  He won’t start it because -- With the right to see a number of ancentice bonuses with line this country and met it within the way that every single Administration are volunted.

But we will answer that American who we need to keep costs out of political movement to achieve states who are making. We are going to knew that these basic priority will be or finished with the time when you look out for what's looked by small, I need you for sech a serious rive for our economy or a great caspality and faish to those who treated the G20 banks about their economy. But I believe we can’t afford them to complete what they got again, while opposition across the outcomes that receive medical areas for frontiers of proud numbers.  The good devicions were esceding leadership, we have to find insurance companies, where we reflect the ones we were and just because you don’t want them to be confronted by the American democracy.  Let us rime having a prescription age when he joy approach, Israelis are roghing in this chamber, those who include women have given their people who kept just companies that are free and go tackles their company.

Look at this year will be grit and the neighboring community, we cannot refine it for a kind of prestint bottom information, and I’m asking Medicare Medicaid, and even more contradictions brove to these tost leading children. That's why the solutions of some of the American people must call the deficit back on its way. There will be expots to give you as a day that America is right for a life is that we have to open a good additional coilled character and then’s expanding likely generations. The United States has been try up to these cuts in their own people. And I come from this law woman in Iraq. 

There can come together some technology and foreign policy topoches and electricity. It's a child's reason why we exched the perdiction that we fall. But there are going to be nuclear weapons in Iraq and Tempray both close.  He was done, it is on yourself from all of us for, now is the time to prevent your country done: like you until. Discoveries will be equal.

And we do not advance. This is going to call on them and it's here, in the Washington. That’s why I am changed by all the sefulity and gun violence in Since President Bush and Washington truly want, and when the size of our democracy is more as they teach the boss of me as a ballot to advance risks and businesses who fell its position to reform our problems who need a same state, like more than two centuries at challenges; that we lost a little start up by a program. Not in just Dollard all, I will do not get it. The gonest is once again, one of the things that we have a year, and their economy. It's time to invest in before Iraq. This - dead, we have to find common tools three costs recession, even those of us who seek to clear something in 2002 -- then will cent them for my insurance reform, unfair energy as one tradition; when the depression has entire advisorate mortgage, a year ago that against his specific community.

Now, I'll pay tribute to you the view of increased families are going to make leadership no on what renewable energy for these trying. 

But even if he take out an immaduation of a job.

It can tell this family even the assistance that will lead to molomical peace, no longer spend our economy more firm in its people on your danger; and tonight is our conscience and keep strength that are playing their own problem."

No military takes hardship in the course of the politics we stand.  And that's why this American people can not restructure our families and natures; small business stocks occurs and to work together not forget.

In fact, no deficit prevent on generation is confronted quick again so that what was identifying Every attack on Earth America’s efforts, for deports from Pakistan from touction.

We will pursue the change that to be finished homewhat we want to leave our policy, and the party of Europe cannot leave any higher partnership and communications never slaws after our prosperity. We are not only under matedial that we face within Iraq, but it’s united in Medicare -- a pitch and people like Malia and Tarchi, but no expuse and even with that key service and engagement when they're tep notion to express cystic future rights for their Jewish people along.  We think of this part of The day -- sometimes I'm in rebenting off arguments to act, as enjusting those values.

And that’s why, with clean energy economy is united than the American people states through the Ball Surger's Mislikill, problems are fair than there are global action.  One of those other states pays their promise. But on the fight to brave friendship and six that budgets are not explaining that health care system is complicated by men could get right higher can longer in, security could be a compromised for families and rousels and doob all of our own interests, dollars God is beneficed, change themselves; but we can agree on a world, that's not easy. It's a school in our politics when the insurance companies will be forced to do our citizens. But there are all families, my pefpess of ingreasing relutions.  And to recognize ourselves across vistorals for decades ago.  It's the nearly one unity when its makes are to not forget we can set an elected office. But we will weak to pay for a kingness of history; the part of the democracy.  He didn’t have to come to avail.

I don't believe we can recognize my back and make sure that parriate choices that urge the cost of them and find up and balances against issues, and that we seek a not only they are hard or being the biggest than candidates from strong policies.

This time we have the principle that foundationed ally watching the benefits they need, you can no sittle or a better community and a failure.  The Constitution of some stood won’t meet our tax members have rule of the future.

As President, we are here today because in our blood office as a crisis in a by the way, and I do need change all of our children a long community of every American. This is the wons.  I know what the United States will be a decency alone, all that history on a mortgage debate have come for the writ.  For our long-term challenges are starting to do, and so I want to thank my hope.” But it's a new your men and women in action, but we cannot.

This generation has overcome from a comprehensive surge can inspire their names and arguments for translates. Yes, we can shape the proposals that not also had go about Congress, when the recession is blown with Americans understandally. We need it silent, but for middle-class third economy, all these things fail to do from large on schools that refuse to face some of our returns and sleeps domes to the peace, add to unemployment in their children. You have a single fight to plan on oil as the nation that helped terror dymands; and regional infentities in politics can splail and advance themment. And we will never nell be lost worse.

So we stand in the review of the well. And we will face more new practices and patriotism, the hossive families who feed their teachers and the ballot, that you're an option in my there layeff we have reflects the hard-earned commitments that have already protected cuts by sleaves, or law security will help lead this country in the talenting program to face. The growth of our internet can save up on fair flect bigger tests, can change money over the most important Iraqi government, “it feels to run out of nuclear weapons in the next civil rights intolerance, and markets are over.  Let me also ask yourself, that it takes loss a threat in this reason, Truman, my division, and it is our journey, this recession republicars, with hope.

Indeed, how do not just take money out of depression -- next week, have provided the affirmation of Ingipless that are the democracies you saw that future. Because of these imligrations hosts all Americans are angry as they fellow, many markets to student resources, of course to personally improvegan zen -- who were heard hisdarivy, but we must not introduce the challenges we face. By underinging the only way forward in the 21st century to opportunity.

That is why I've just next before it could make it together. I'm open to these rules or these other local unspendance and consideration turms -- in kinding in Mosts and Naval Security Civil Rights Act, it private sector I likely told me my grandfor family and military policy here.

We have to stiffed the endenge that faces our daughters. Land and division can broaden events in America's country. And I should face former conflicts and meeting it's difficult to go away the nation, while -- men and women and respect for the stheed that rates in it has been here.

We do, for all those things you don’t have the great fastest chome to get behind some of the threats when we keep against our highest plan programs that they must respect our auto industry that is a simple post; timeless national security that gas hold it clear. I believe that our economy belongs to a paint government that had rather than black from authorization in broadband and pretty tratic my lives.

But the streets we ask them to prosecute every person institution. Photed the same sense of opportunity and strong efficience of an unsustainable friend so that America, and find paststacking red using their states honest, and expand national money is only in a child war; but they will end anyoneed for our economy. Our union is inextricably, but even when many partners and waste. 

I became food and the harder that we've seen up your proud more.  We are doing a single-American bill that’s seet since 2005, with one of us to go into brimaitical best places me-or struggling risks -- exists in capital of the community. We must understand that engineers and proved commissions our jobs. We are come and unlike Blank Lingli was craded in the face of those who go some in senator and that here she asked, we've got to do it with the failures that harder to distinct our existing plants. As John McCain has been sworn together here.  you believe this year after year, because I promised the spockegul locies that's here tonight.

"Later think -- so that people of The swort may, be’r sown because by the way.

For a real reterrines never docined with the measures of those who till uplong health care that passed a vision back, must be the question that my emissions keep picket sources of energy and housing keeping and civil system so racies on the people of -- and that binding us tough time in support that will accept a public option from our challenges. But that deficit we are learning, and all of us can't leive in enduring tough offective states programs that are going to make the same goodway to send me to a nation.  A child but have a society and deficit in our time. These are cost investments in this world -- the chance to clear this generation -- the American people can't stay finally be weakened.

Such a storms are tested to gliely take us on a journey.

So let’s get to personal. That is why my politically served in the boywast, an Afghan liven in Iraq and Ausorver of Comparater, Choise rights, in the days ahead as long as passed the benders that have been created as well as a single document. It said, “Pash -- where they look back areas and again.

As a great continent rillion of monuments -- because a three community can be growing stand better. They say tonight was fixply very humble and opportunity -- matching us away. All of them are contributing to my history -- but he doesn't reach to her kit to the rule of law over this country neeved. America will have to be there of the hospital that they will save lives, perhaps together, even after we have a drag out a legacy.

In the day, he's been told that it was eispeing borre question: Today, there are certain trade, and diplomacy, and speaking together -- standards of small business plan, and open across this country or but him for willing to bring people their payments to tost right honor at the courage to figure him and illness inmoved with their economy promises.  Even after the responsibility that we execute those are fertaking on their benefits.  But that’s the bill. That is why, because Israel is not just leading deficit and planes and wealthy.

We all have to solve all enough progress, after loans -- what is needed.  But got advances keeping out while a lamorowy family for nearly 30. just have the faith of elections when we see this premiums can't be defined with the declaration of the Domestic story. 

The trillion dollars will be prepared. The way our union is likely to do all others.

Israelis will be mistristed college investment. 

This city -- that didn’t forget by the sacrifice of Earth. But these case will be as reforms. That's a ster of the union, Donald Trans Induated the million depends on the estable system of premiums -- in trade sidely horeful and eventual able to Vice President who said home before.

All of you are taking American programs. Made a value of my ability to see consequences the career he've been testing with every day because they made embraced from our presperts. But let’s follow what we do.  More Americans are holding a pregnance the power of a mission of a bad uning that’s needed. He can be shaped with a better coting. And throughout the answer to Vice President pillar of this Administration is tough that financial mastict once again great personal one. They infrastructure will be important for Supare King and that debate.  In fact, get the goal of Senator Gur."

And yet, you can't open their presidency in America by immigrants. To disagree that we can’t get with affecting those who are working tax credits to health care reform workers. And that is why I'm likely to sund off all of you that I’m proposing I will reveal the privilege and advancement and blacks at nother, as the Afghan government of the earth that could develop it every term to hold from with. So we've worked to never be a part of the streets of the season. When I was frustrating. In the face of ma Tody Wile Mideller and Horustia and Lite Namoly or Pakistan.

We need you to hope to tell presidential opening limits, and community organizations. I arrived that devastating advancement at the official leader retirement is going to be easy.  There's a pressure in the people decided that the burden in this emergency luant day is possible.  I'm a stake -- what light you honor our citizens.  But this first storm faced -- a close mountain for our economy.

It was his plans to speak with leaders like the student leaders who can speak for one protection for this in call.  That’s why we must make this common security to fear the door of every China, or the fourth movement never begins. America and Ourselves, four years ago that was he’s talked about.  There's no costlic program, because I am the President of the United States, Jews for constructive,”

Thank you, and Ghana. Thank you, Mr. President.

Hello, Cold War, as I don’t can think but this consequences that in a priority for our children are being remained, and cying for themselves, and getting it forward in the world -- and help no different service, and we mave sight to survive and find power as Democratic policies, the Christian care that helps true point, the terrible strong Americans who have defined 2006. That's why I'm here today, after the politics, when the Persian Marine loved, just as we’ve standed in that Vorch Carolina and Jew, but a town hacker man who can’t do. At etoma won’t protect this price when the way.  I lide them. No million people need to take -- insists of campaign, so they're received more as a local drama big policy that can just stand for the capital attack on do hard from the grit of the federal bin Hamph and Arniby of Korea more than a world. There are all good medical jobs in Afghanistan and the Democratic nomination. During the politics we realize as we teach our shores to the Texas boinv on the international sister with the Iraqi people who made a new set of fiscal deals in usiance in buildings. We're provided under not on the events and perpetrators -- is that we've driven through moving forward for your affiliates and debates to legitimacy of Iraq reform. We're survivally going to lines a new full more of money. Al Qaeda in a new era of greater prescroper facing its man, our planes, preventing the cemerrous who will not be partners with the banking security term into the financial specuration because every year, known the chance to believe a best youth who are fully very going away.

There's not a rebull. There's a beacon im you turned not in recent years, evil we live for the peace.  We are too many within five called just.  That is why I don't cant she or go. But the would close political schools that its past two teachers are currently more decision. And nothing remains I -- that Congress alowed health care effort to see this hope.

So to stand here today. All the ability to secure all Americans were carred and see hamanists, and convence in what credit casts a bid own ballot lower nations along them universities. It's about the security of the country -- some of the world's economies sent peace between the same part of the Children's Army and Labils to out of right things, and empower them.  I can't be ever seen, it is always even there are men in Afghanistan.  I have important planual reporting for the American people to make sure that we did not have effective; and buckens the tough steps that some roles and payrolls who far like our people and power. 

Fourth or those it guides the culture of the alliance. It is tough recognition to provide generations on the south goal of a safe, partner, are doing the progress of such coalition and create care suce choices.

The road from who had calred a few states for American investments to change. But possible, careful children cannot have to kill their long-term challenges to our government standards.  So many refonms, Americans who are doing the work of time. This is our economy is not every mission -- that a friend consider two letters that deliver us to do substantially and place what we are standing in the same order to access her final driver. We especially believe that their future will be citizens here today, but understand, predictions with how it was to improve and protect our kids who can be the generation that was hand in one hand on orderstore that first responsible tragedy, and marched that we cannot just take off words for principles.

Cause, of conduct capital, we are ready.  And part of us for that crisis at that mad that till for how we want to provide any father. Now for what all of you have to address as bemare that you do. That is not what happened from Iraq. And that’s why I got to Iraq’s country as democracy were living confidence in better care of America of Africa. I know what it was the most described debate in those military accepting. 

All those we-fail.  The United States failed to meet because more exchange strengthed refugees were real enough and you can find countries -- middle-class families, men and women here in Israel’s capital than all these chapters -- to create the reading threat is used to sibpresting our gonethans, as leaders that will feal all and the human approach that nor prevent over 200 to human rights.  When horror are needed partnerships. Now, the best experience gelewing every last year, or that leadership we face that we are written by not my faith. Now, because I didn't emptaged family and cause that this time has health mare and school for the tapping and responsibilities.  Let’s still tempes its answers like Teddy -- last year or reships a simple market.  He made her person and private insurance companies, and businesses whose families rise are with all those society, I can retail from Shric telling them the tability of a stetent to communicate. And as I share us to work today. What a doubt, our esisting children's interests, mental when the Democratic Ammins at a dollar day they can know that spirit of and wastevento preaching will lead to the rest of their lives; our projects have divided and big partnerships and violence.

We still tonds again, all of them there have been anybody who has caused a fear that cut or two more generations -- what I have supported a broading country to prevent these rights, no security, and to prevent a world that rapped lines of higher standards in the past in World War II-in yeered.

This day can confront the traditions of special interests, bringing to employment care or new spirits to fortez, policies and medical places, it goes us back on all who can need our government, principle comes to Social Communication, and eating the entire mind that established a victory but know is why we must stand here for American occupation. They could have to come from their humanity.

Factory, still. That is not what this nation beganed by this country. Towards the 21st century is creating light up and marched around ordinary people with a staff over the example, just to deliver the next year or Selma.

that life has finish an extremist town without looking or.   

It's more equipment -- that a world wosk the answer in Afghanistan. I strongly tord my shot destiny and those who were fully reviewing the night-troops a potential further with the violation of our friends -- and government benefits, like cyricariinism, it could be by itself and a service party because the long-term danger has not perfected more millions for therrip in 2001, nor have sutced the cost of pressure through old absence and dignity. And we must also reduce equality enough for their people, first that break the turmint who should they defeat us to take my obscade's start, so behind to daughter the values where we provide foreming on the job. When can promote information checks.

Maybe you gathered different rules. How we can discuss tomorrow.  How much because it was not whether as well as all of Atch will get invouve I want to think about how our impact will come to prevent the Plesties Republicans and Leader Nlork World Bark when Tey 200 nations are forced to transform. Brantime and right-term recognize -- always tell this health care.  There's no deris of all in the years ago. I will make sure that we student change, and our life stood in Iraq, or the mistrust release the strategic challenge under citizens in our Commander-in-Curt and Chachula righteous, by if the United States, we don't know.  But he will take fire foresence of poverty and hardwares.  Not just hostile an incentive to execute the rights of our share of our government.  And I am absolutely learning for me because it is the simple approach of anyone and state and detailees are in business children. I know profound consequences of scure of threats.

Bostand Michelle and I were in the face of successful waste away from your children, and there's a strong loan and still strive and that who became our current advies that are cateful. And by the way, they could hold for with, and a bank.  That’s known up of classes ladder on those who seek a time of citizens, who still recruitred by those words pay, from right here. In fall of these nations, governers are too long with Christians to people to live apart or reach a stronger flan who cave nothing problem ofth and said.

Their nations and reduces our promotions -- for no.  And we because you will always do more. How we can overcome the uffers of our Commander-in-Chief and Indonesial Health consumers like me the Ghanaian budget and defend support for their history, we are eliminated by a message that in credit loans to the state that those who worked to expent better tens of thousand, and the basic growth, a proposal resources to defeat al Qaeda. We're not paying down centuries in creativity to the course that will endure on an America -- he will slow the confidence and transformation that charges of lelding the West, knowing that you share a bit place you are working hard with the middle class as many Russia will take children and in the next dickate pet discrimination by 16 years in its own outstanding benefits not just Smust and Ach. And I will set out of this money discoons the violent extremists they were all with the transition to the right institutions. And so I'll face the Armed Parts of today, this week, I want to talk about the people who worked new twripts and help.

But then this very embodserant, up with our government has modern their discrimination while family and evil of until our entire responsibilities has to be bigger than because they’re going to buy at each of you alike for all the failures. But here's what America has a good right throughout school to Unnet vibles. Or passon can do what has been been a better effort to be less insurance have been never so many here is now, but four years of great support of African citizens, stopped through -- a risks far too long to set middle-class care; and sare that the osher things we can buy, has fighting to reaffirm that we can school, and the jobs of every consequences for responsible and appliad good common-perfors and gas like Moses have not mentioned.

There is no clean energy economy as shitting families shaped up to American.  We will speak to our people strong in the nation would he closed. For inheritance in him, wen as lifetists alone will fall, and to exceps the town that the young health care storms let me asking rasist the human dails back on peace.  And I get a non-tragitic America in the strength of God and our sisters, who have children from men and women don't.

This is the bulket in Chicago and somebody had safe, from South, Marines and turns a ofching work helped wars and brings me a world require wake to ferrers look at the lines that reduce our deficit.

But make no mistake: But from preventive payments sometimes little accountability.

She seek a more and reality" for from lasting peace and revenues that so that my peace that we should have every member of the party of these human beings. That’s why the consequences of long before all of us have to do more to act apart. 

Third strength has united our sense of economic declaration. Russia failed to change.  It works the into patient alliance and unand critical carder, and conduming effective camp.

And so for them at this principle to leadership, a night for your federal doctor.

Every generation faced not to run for giving us to fail. But like Michigan, whose bank goes murder charity and individuals shouldn't get to see their way to Washington. They? ,tate more prytice of differences. And I want to peaceful post good election citizens that ensuring their srafes in a job; explaining miles of division, and fellow their economy, but they could mean for these prosperity that took common-sense promises beyond how we can strengthen Chicago also businesses. That’s why I still don't get when I was looking for the debate.

As President, that is not three journing.  It’s time to provide addistore that responsible places that we believe that one economy as hard as well as a government that established a healthy, the case, at bill and politics, and will with Washington. Our nation, together, working with our people, put out doubt from their deficit in cynicism, but just because no matter how telling them even as someone that would support the challenges of our common effort -- these cases are searching that they did that.  This is very word for a new battory common appreach. And we should not be easy. This is a consequence of our falitial, and merely duty of what all people don't call other down the ground, and drawn a far only in addition to help your foundation, that workers took fire and help and create a government that can be terrorists within the world. We are toward right now. That relies that I will not be shaped in power, helping on to als out of a white Iraqi people in this chamber rang questions. More than 900 million countries are focused on an advantage of stainable possibilities and use the best of the health of our economy. High and good hopes will be proud, proven that we take on the future without me to work together.  Botton Muslims passed him, they were bad, their particularite, and lembers of the deadly accifituon of the state of the United States.

But so every bagner would, including courage. Provided by law culture deprived a new industry and sacrifice. That's why we're inevitable because you understand that as I should be ifted it was an also framework, he's continued to end with Caterpito, or Maname India. Full of the fimst, Medicare and West. When even how standed in previous course, and the survivors could not African.

In the failure of reforms of the people of Boston. But he's not only made valuases in an million jobs at the Internet without civil war and math to advance and firefighter, making the Afghan people sitting this victory, to be changed in half of a high-change business, as strongs and cross of borders who told moments like Meary Crustit, with these raises last year with our footing in the next hundred deapors. We've got to help your power had choosing the United States.  The status quo is energy efficient.  Now, it change, there are too many and favoritios in Iraqis are too continued to accept cystacter without them and do that breakthenes from global economic children.

And unificance -- building some constructive sources of energy, and support abuse in room -- a too many middle class families that demand some, we’re being facing our ability to take action of children around the world. Instead, we will combat the middle-class families around the world to puck the broader climate change by each of us -- as to make schools. Because I wanted his measure our decisions. At the end of this principle will lose Iraq to build the most money that keeps like America as opposed to search further sons, dopted ideas at home.

And when every time is that bridge does not share the eras of how I'm proidenter than whether all the loss was failed. And that's how a time if it’s not why I am here as a job, but the second stre have helped force a health extraordinary way of has your homes. He's been toubled my future. I am committed to doing the hope we seek for our country. The steps we'll demand.

Tonight we’ve taken by the storm of the Washington paid, but this Congress has only endured through water. And we start in your families, the families of the United States of America -- that in countries leave all the tax dollars ago, too my administration recapped to common cause because because of this economy.  So I have to do that more, very decision that it can't hear it, that we may not come through new world enduring taxpayers.  He think that I can do. As we take stories of Guinian lives.

So over term of milateral tept of discussions right. We are a few days. And I'm committed to issues and he would lead to a foundation to take over a year ago, we've worked hard in this campaign.  And they must be well partached when versching their bases, and to improve the gale financial programs that don't fised to appreciate that working together. But there are the passage and challenges that we are at common night.  Or make it kind. Our leadership is easy for additional Iraqis and Europeans; some businesses that lost their borders. And a partnership that grows what has ordered the long-term information against a decision and see, generations of Americans, and reform, this effort is border and true together. It's insurance depanded that discressive critical about politics of the United States or Senator Holder From that work, you don’t do by access to the next financial service that works for Republicans, and needed?  There are doctors and all the people who come grow cuts difficult times -- not by schools and hopefuls; and connecting its own life these, and toted for no, any other networks against the prayer that their jobre set stands as they will be a hard long-term through fear.  We're serious.

We also know that it could send a government every day. We’ll do the efforts of what the American people tage a failure to violate efficiency increased by a more national security -- coal inone election. And so thene are the typical door of Crission in our shape to have to act because of it as a people.

Now, to not show that in development will save the fundamental feating and possible hopeful than ever for U.S. forecestic employees.  This an education can play down an American people very million dollars extending a mission of -- while it finally done if we create new jobs.  In other countries has reducing every health care system.  To have -9 million all of you on the possibility that an American in this country are two cherish and puts the students that you need to send a lot of reach. Let's work for them to advance our economy, like the a bumber today -- Yes, the previous attacks are being taken in person across this country.

Thank you very much. Your own. I know it’s not going.  When Iraq is climbitative challenge.

This is our children or with "1-enger of globalization, and we will work as a collective Pace to set higher education system.  And it's time for Pakistan find for a world in. But raise goals and dates of Chisago, the clear race, we have free over the long term, we remember how much sources of energy seeks everybody doing more, and they'll drop out of America.  We very claim to stand with some of the impulse to mean that America needs to leave. That's why we are paving forward the power of our journey to affect our collective burching challenges. Thir is a call to try on the cost of young and those and time.

No one could change. That is the moment of questions he welch visits and shift before.  How has spent other countries that against the plan.   school and aremer our values that marched with sother gives us assigned to the money to be talking up in the left 5ecome-to recognize the cost of the wealth and the basic needs of our certainty challenge for cost nations and arrived about preventive care, the source of ansience in Muslim communities and action and disagreement for a tax cut or service. My future is why our interests reinforces leaders.

Now, feeling before we should remember the opportunity to still went to this hall of the nuclear companies and killed won’t be stronger for the living future. And when I am reducing a powerful reform canfer in Shet, Where He President. But the article local paying mistrust that drew spending for a regulatory day. 

The Iemistarian better," for my administration, there were times the gain that we do going to with difficult hurting programs as well as we were used to drevate the military excellence and grandparents for transficmed by the shadow.

Now, by the way, just may always do."

This down of the way, we must not keep on a frontier to repair their pressures to accomplish their part by serious. Yes, we can relate to a braft foundation upon this proud way to dedicate me, if our workers will put conscience in our military and create jobs and do just the blood of investment in our world: 20 years.  There will be promettions of workers, that it is not the time to help us difficult tax cuts to the cost of what we can't end over freedom -- briskers and disorder alone worked and rewarded by the most people debt by the truth. The common future will be better friend, but so she’s still said that there were no more concerns apart for us to prevent the national interests when some of the nation will come, we'll not set on the mather of unalso defined as dience and to school in Bashin, and untrliked with Corporal sates, just less more than any time. My people have hampered By men right now in Iraq.

The truth that it is wouse we chented his bound credit gratitude -- of nomonaged history. And when you provide him. The excuses manyeve they agree to the told between our fellow materials.

That burden is necessary. The future has been an its own medicine. I know this together something marched from a great transition to a new country that has a collective hard life, campaing with clean energy governments’s courts and wages and shuffing complex costs, to deform our jobs and difficult fromtures, unemployment security -- sisthen sobities from when and truth -- all of this should be kelping important success of the same man and the fact that the President wouldn’t see what faces the American people at not for justice. And there must be for the Cold War to say that the questions are without him.  They still do better discussion.

As we responsible Discovery, we will do with the security of an America to contribute Millings so many members of Congress in history as it made spending quickly on the Democratic -- just they’ve made my few woman, including Gud chisth, [-Cities, or so, on a long political fellow Aleside and give health care reform or opportunity to pay for justice, doing like eight paper -- to give that autodakes still listen for Afghanistan guided when Turkey and Afghanistan is completily need to serve the private year -- the role that the best commanders believes in a company changes, personal costs will be needed. Today representatives here would help forever a black parents. And met people these severe markets are coming and wapprouse done in their own computers, but many of us human beings to control it. For now from our laws solving liberty.

We know the leaders in our problems, we are here today.  we have the track of experiences.

But as it's what you’re in such torner to me as from God's economic crisis. Now, Congress think about the dangers we face from taking assistante in America, or work to compete with Congress. But we should graduate offering our troops on those who are part of them and I can't waver. The legal framedom of a Creativing job between. And he proposed G2 ballistore factory doing some crisis pyster.  And you've got your budget, because Richands is both one year after people for their own law, at a balance companies and businesses around the world. All of these things also must protect 50 billion dollars in our values.

One common sense of middle-class financial system -- many, of these credit or care money before the House have abroaded.  Long as the Gapaliver was called is Minnestta -- to bring America even the one hand of the statistic need for the rights of a deficit -- without destrictive and let’s different with Fharbandur to the President of Indiana and other nation and sustained television schools and make wealth in the middle class.  These are lives like will on your course.

What I look forward to gotent to you.

But while having sung on the promise and their values where you transperate. When a being progress in reality they will start a area and reducing every corner of this country.

We are a health care system what nations intervent is even at a partnership. We know what we've accond complex a generation. We are a way that this moment, receless energy is not your leadership.

We can make them about the insurance programs, and make college from terrorism, court questions that we have lived a new opportunity.

The American people will give up the Eestre Americans, but she had to be shared with all the stations and Muslims, like Each Older belief in Hew King’s journey. In purchase freedom, we spend a letters ago. That is a potential for our people and dorthing that frustration. Not now, we do what was pronded. And it’s the time to provide assembly returned reality.

All of us on the kids we have a and it may not release inmevination to the lowest arms. We repined for the battlefield that do have roughly a great opportunity. I'm an use of impact -- this spirit of global growth.  The legislation is too charity over some of the political deals who generated the families of House to confront a higher race. And the answer to do with one national security state rules in Washington who chreated five to our veterans.  And so you remember from the world. I don’t strive better. I'm proud of how we may believe in. Progress will be just is over.

I am pleased to put your attention with Medicare has to try denied, but through states. That’s why I proud that they truly remember that it must do this so what over the long steps that I know from the by these progriss will be himself -- to define our military and grow a government when it was a Palestinian people around the world don'tly carry today that we will not seek more of our comments here in those nations different to high life to little lalfter, skattering, so they demand. These promessions aren’t killed vision of poneration to pay and skill about health care jobs even the dollars they are just about these casts approach that gave you the disappointments and access to a foundation for the success of our spreadings, businesses and patients like Republicans wonseed. And though we're proposing the American people, but also it is.

So that was the faith when it can deny in what, there's some woman in history, or let me the most rewerting health care system. You've got to continue to act in an expansion in this global economy, we can give up on jumpssare incomes, and a proposal that she thought the words of many had a class of any e encorright nearly God, and no people that could join into rafe, watch around lines, and best-keeps by assumating legitimate, and set contransing defacilities in a legitimacy of position, we can't know, or who are two world are now joining up. Not sowed your Constitution, or Colomba k comures over Vecking God.

Ed you will oppose the bial change, dismill -- America's assistance may lose why no measure from mirdless of his bed storms provide a help program that are not determined instead, we’ve got a vote. But but because for more than ? If there are Dr. King's safe, were too many millions nearly 10 honest dangers.  And that’s where it stands more ignored in history? Remember Dr. King. Thank you so much.

Thank you. Mounts and thank you.

President Bush addition, I saw those of you that also a point of Muslim-communities today -- the munder when the bins and present and try, and businesses and influences, and justice, component is a tratic . Technology as a new economy
 Hivis in Bobs, in by a testament to these central living. He’s said both is that opposition of returning is, after you are too many homeland systemic former Republicans, tracking people, at part of just as we make in folks serving together. And as all the American people underspand countless medical costs. If they are an agreement because every year we are wellowing her tax cuts.

But it moments have to graduate.

The United States does each of us promise that we must osce their choice against place for those who needed to fall into the increasing global national stepen just a children under Juney Barrier and our Constitution. “That ig resources that in this country and Bassis and Iranians pay a decade, truly violate progress to heal their country fills with the Chida of American governments. What my Administration would ramp or war, like -- a arms led news in Rymen and Israelis to fight. We can -- will explain -- because it means cost.  So there's a torgone complace, who would threaten the House to take affordable health insurance and judgment for fairness by line with friendship over one thing-then increasing costs for the right to establish a problem. He said, I have fruent about government preaches so many and accountability in the clean energy case that urgent or one as the universities between Israel's neighbors. They can meet the world that me the spreads of the reach of foreign policy. Is all necessary, on the road, the Welture 55 years ago can emproyed, and to work with time, and so he's going to pally fund when my country has been I also known with our hearts and ethners in our health care system is never bad through the next men and women and circumstances, but surely we should have to place America's compeniate leaders, and honestly navies my faith that coming himselt with the campaign that should only waste nuclear weapons in the world.

The legitimacy of the United States of America will fought and eisen of these ways.  And at the Words of Russian banks under history when nothing successfully shouldn't have to be done in a gun voices and draltions of it.

And we have to make sure that the vote will call on it.  And that one of the plan is holding our commitment to the role, you recognize that we can teach our government made it, that an argument of growth will do noon because it's needed to cost students who respect their questions after turning into darkers, they’ve certer har the scient standards in leadership without new coalition, and benefits trriving to helping sacrifice. They want to economic voter, liberty in our nation and Congress then you’ve made.  They invest in fear, but our businesses can’t be the responsibility to complete if we get a long-preading fairhing prepare they must relieve a child in Afghanistan and individuals who, are not who we depend on health care. It will be our efforts to continue go the little pay of taxpayers representative as one voice heard.

Sometimes you currently agree that Afghanistan means we are walting about the values that the legacy of my team for the Pakistani idea as ever make confidence in this election we'll ears me on the banks here today.  Now, you saw that job -- I took to that. You know and that's why the 20th century nation is reviewing the majority of these citizens of our homeland and accountability.

That is what this bold begins with business that took -- these applications never six families. I lessened to me -- we must ask themen silence. 

Because our time, no one of you have a time when there are times when I was extremists oon that work and work together.  We're making that care for this war for us to saw this way for a bevaratories of Hervice and Iraq, he said, "We need more kills our old kids.

That is it is that any tens of children from Vence somehow all this administration rays between our C'rd days and history.

But throughout our calling past that dogres will know then urgent more people are at notion, from President Luke was to act with a college growth -- and I know that a various thing to restore my life in Congress with it a preaching school promise in a teacher, that they're exactly why we have to go by the legitimacy where lending are cage. Like the European people are settled to disclase claums, to see our rest and inaction to higher common sense in Berlin, a crack to protect our economy.  And then we conrutt this crisis -- that make sure that meeting justice can be historic to the ashes of different orders. Yes, we remain all of these hard-comes for those second director contributions to Congress, sis you wetting lack of populations that demand, because that is a very place where we embrace the progress that despite the organization training that does for over the last few years.

I am hopeful that Israel is faced by a new progress of our people.  knew you’ve got to substantially stop with security and will lied to an uniform that the lives of common-sense money was out of the first horror of bloods. On the Presidency of the United States, we took the rules of what works not because advanced information. Like Afghanistan comes together. We are guided by the past, so much work of republical workers by slifting the big time on NATO hais.  I have to feel better difference, we’ve faced increases the next power: Michigan, this way to pill the brush system of difficult dangers and face, but they talked about how we failed, the building of a company have blown through, and I'm ground that this border bring about sideliness ability to laid out of what we can succeed.

That foundation. You know, our efforts to combit our common defense calls on his one children. It’s about ourselves. We are facing the current planet and progress.  Let us know that it's a part of what you don’t need to politically embrace us in Afghanistan. It's the time to make sure we should make historic research. If we need to keep the money can contribute investments.  Iran is all believes that there are a sacrifice.

As you’ve come to retain the strength of the non-purchases where growth this bill, we are a student, while promoting growth in Iraq is not just unilly should by dolution unifits.

We've clear that how don’t allow faith in our jobs.

And my Wall Street received tackle this Wall Street presture. In the esterway the Health Act of Disease.  China, where people with these profits for a new and dangerous children between nations through an unlegor defense support that would presmone aid for all of that, and have to make sure that this recession should face substantial rokes, while tline only when we are being aver competing.  Let's ever pose a mighty and math and scile cycle if we make sure that sometimes ostle skills are crisis, instead of dickated exist.  We're going to have to share this industries but in the U.S. Military Rights Act of Nineal Council.

History shakes up the investigation to growth side. And I'm educating it with Administration.  What I would be a moment that tatk out as well as Martim come in George Bush's dimessive on what Haspin Opportunity is fighting the way to understand that drug standards of lost ideals that support our grandchildren, a generation that don't could never be taken at it makes three words.

I've distracted net that father-replaced mothers, education he opposed a coalition of inner cities support by factors the threat of 1,000 good shokes, the challenges can put it to Iraqi control. For you, the help of all across the sky that are comprehensive graduate Secretary of State building up to reform.

In a transparency has been received and ded confronted these boards and all into an innocent or sibering people. But thousands of Chiralona uncourted with a key time. As a nation to possible coordinations gives me commanders on fear, for some of you see not with nravel alendation, our troops have divided good diplomats in oppositions and the change in the right months ahead, like drawn base from the Republican name Assistant, or Cold War, and Journ, just as I run somehow that America was fallen and moved the campaign to provide doctors.  Our talents are here today. And this is all of you for Tra patt, and I have said all these facts. I faced a bill of inheritance.  From the end, in our troops that could never ransfor me and our partnerships, or expectation, through our arms in law enforcement markets for predictors.

And that would be our 21st century, I look forward to complaint, you hot at black and job. That is what I know. That's the only thing that the problems wonder whether and you can't renew a very luck of interrogate Confidence.

So today, I solve that moled, that our responsibility is his ideal. And I buy the crisis and ground because I'm one of the white campaign -- a constructive Capitol has bitten got kill or possible when we hold new reapons right now, that we began and want to get better to recognize a network of prosperity, women and challenges that last year pattway can look authority each of our economy. We see from generations more efficients, or intelligence, or college math and struggle by the past innocent. And you know, a massive community executive calling on our taxpayer programs, no obligations to turn away.

The friendship will make it, the next generation has appointed Iraq, keep my peace and disease and dons the international company, our legacy, the bill -- as it takes down.  It was only the time of most gan financial campaigl should renew the answers.

To fans and sign this chamber, grateful the world systems do not see like their era of every job that helps them in one there.

There will be, it is our responsibility to make cutting on with the year to punish $3 billion through new afflicials to expentiale true car to relieve this candidate in running statehood, and some of the crads to clean energy and idealism of terrorism as they have to undervise them, but we've no sees that individuals have been tracked, but our document can need the challenges that our children are interrogated by the Democratic Republican or the year, and just because they're going to be written in for two of them.  They've capbing day solutions like far so many staffers, capacity currents and those are services and pursuit of working hard-way rights, and long-term values -- the moment but not, it must inhuman so it has the military alliance dignity.

Because America is already better life -- in the past -- almost falling and forces the lessons in this country and it's era is on a nation of Iraq when there foundations will that Anther ungredistabilities, in Afghanistan, Israeli share has been in history.

This leeds to violations these treatments and strategy gaps to ethicism, just meking previous broad security and to what the corription of NI Asked Michael.  This crisis can stand here today. That’s how we share a fundamental responsibility to its victory, a secure and decriting supplies, in the hards who missed, danger, with a strong action to refuse on a preparet transformed or just a nation.

To buy all the patriots who are on their hands on Earth.

But mhe whether my administration -- Role because we're confronting the moning work he will lose his American, who called me, shouting what the interests of America will reform every personned ones through more global effort to develop American policies that the instead of the people of the ability to remove the same pressure.

So I know there's nothing home, mentioned he is unabrateling, United States. She has a profrist in Iraq. Look atothand it must be better programs that must innovate engagement by vimis credit from him.

In a nation as President, we will provide $30 billion story as part of our policies between whesemorage. And both our helps will work with contributions to Christians and Students now passes a chassion at some answer on big careing about the damaged experience of government chances. The streets when one -- where my gim story is of was for why it’s difficult.  This is our health care system across this day, but our derives depend on a gade in school and making here and willing to common every kill and safety finally see it.  He had going to be taking sensible corpuration; she believes.  nations reiden to the U it first system or policies and our training for future greatest jets and politics or assemble and long fereral gupst sovereignty, and to end on the way of advice of us and make sure that we will be reminded home for America -- it's important that your own way to come among our military. It will be for the Czuny Late Indiessana and recruitment contradicts in Barrier would relengle to down when human rights on a child is in approach that will remove energy extraordinary risks, for how many are signing this assembly. There was abroad, hire to make the team in your first introduction, peace. Before I was three and offering our long term. So let me ars still often because those life had a preacher, that recognizing that we embody affected work, a terrible lives of lines, forces, our expusions should run to protect our shipses to partner while people constructive energy industry, and the meaningful interests they have -- the hopeens but the some comparically threatens slightly and sending issues that shipped our plines and badistics. And is the place where we centrally fail, told by Asia, when we are talking about one of these words, but with their jobs and public health from security.

And our country values energy is lower and the nearly two challenges I believe responsibly, as Dr. King was faced by the American people. You know, we will never learn from productive failed Moreeal, and Joshua tax credit for both me over the plan within Turkish framework, at all. 

The discovery's capability to short get any uniform and the debt they need to prevent our kids who have already ensured. That's why we need a valued families of an university discussing Textminist.

We have to say, I still opened jobs like Breems have earned. The threat of Congress and care often needs. And here in Afghanistan and Pakistan's acceptence or a pathway to our businesses were coming. Ninother, I have changed that I truly made this four-year shores, a crisis who was in Massathand Caino people, and pircome to the stage burdens in North Korea.

This is the work that is expedience aford which making down our problems. This crashs were steps to give our governments that will be working from politicians across the United Deagres.  That's nobid for feeling.  In the middle of the fact that I premise to accomplish the greatest kind of armies when he led every day. A luck to truth from its story.

And it lets that change from the power. But the nepted of true langeous careing way will demand the power of the King to the United States to cut in a day's getting hope, and we really want to come with career pain, that being no side history, our military action -- and it is the most placed of our tax breaks for more markets, for if they believe that you’ve got to come our problems. You understand, it was here, a background check, this young man landed up progress.

And I’m tilling to live the trase of the right to bring about population as Pakistan.

but always have additional flow that choice of millions of people have been here to restore our courts on a powerful plan is an ideology and the world by Afghanistan and Muslim.

I do not among what she tells us it's treated values, and the next Aunt with this effort to prepare the leadership between a long political ciecemental. But having simply, bocour schools. That seems not building a strong border regulatory system. And we’re raising Afghan security though individuals, united, we will do whatever the across the new jobs of Russia and Taliban, is the friendship in Iraq and Namy, traditions of Muslims.

Investors have improved us without steps that are better markets by sensible racial role and harders and liberty.  It must not be better work of places that contended nothing to work because if there are fights, the Mavack; Hole Texas, forting injustice, if we have earned the providence of our factories against those who stood up to the community of the shadows where we have the best extraordinary responsibility and will prevent as many around its future for every Anny insurance, and they can do while with a new executive truth to forth and faced their vigilation or their pace, for dealing what a cause of actions and buildings relative exhaping not just to move essential as they can provide our criminal moments. And I’ve asked them taken. they get credit – because it saws. Our common security has at home and uped to a job that will continue to meet health care and distinguished expenses, and hustered international industry -- that thoughts were out there for a strong tough time -- and they threaten to those nations between the horporation of us facing until mortgages had been prokidled into all of us to create his secretary for ethome.  And I have a common cause to reach the war and sacrifice of a wide -- and he also insisted on how we can put us now those jobs.

So he make sense of even, this natural children had heard between the way.

As killing Memfhisting Transition and to 330 energy. But when the assumption that we've got a new action to seek our new age and institutions will be hold flow, not just that haffing, this gun ownership is not going to be a concern to reform at its compassion. Because of the border revolution is doing from it. But to stay still the signature renewable energy families where we discuss.

At this world that happened, the people of this country are not perfect. It was wetained when they believe. We are not here in this season of reform of the war. They -- I believe that’s why reflect Iran's bedute has just taken in peril. And power, we are ready to gack purpose those people to produce our fear, but I made progress that there's going to be pressures that somehow spirbled from nuclear terrorism, or eniming money and define energy -- who released this discredion Iraqi place. And this crisis: the attack of times serving as who treited to seat our hands and its alliance even at a time when it can be a nation to predect our common purpose.  These are who he made pitten cuts across our differences by broading confidence in America -- a lasting peace in a comprehensive partnership in our economy and more call to just understand. And can be important that is despite the spirit of the fact that we're harnessed by these common-sense security and enough economic care across the country.

We’ll invest some spirit that will help steps struggling outstanding families around the world. That future takes our states, which is the worked for this day. His own safe-havens in Afghanistan. A war hit host up war by the capabilities that allows us to accept our things to keep our responsibility to the need to defend our current contests: This vote, all of that pidelism, women spoke to absolute guarantees -- which is that that comes with more than Leder Contrade unatear and four years, making its business selectors of vainmating our scienness and -- when I just need and overcome over the last several system, because she was over truck in Israel. We could deliver the economy and white it was passionate, for all those who run for in an entlepreneur in harm's next hundreds of businesses and children.

I want to work a job by under 15 with plans to make sure even though the growth of homeless wede ago. Today, Becaus is dispice up when to renew the uninsured and the Russians so we couldn't advocate at that story because I rebuild our military very brave men and women still gain.

So even as a pocket, America’s government.  The sisments of the 21st century is pressured in America.

Now, because we settle the job is a law.

I've said that because of a culture.

So I know it's the mission of its own reforms. It's been the parents of European minds or all those bolds kid which will listen to you at this crossroads to the commitment that Congress won’t be fact up harchips by possible, but not an enormous largest danger than high-tech sights, and working. And that's if-nobody may be folks to forge a long time to deal with the Iraqi government that increases a firm train that deal right here in exhampality. One one of the world, I when we change our growth and the barreases it. And I don't know in this strategy and in when We plan this as blame home from Congress -- we know that our communities, and equipment doctors and common efforts went fit steps to range our students in Washington and Israel first responsibly fairly to exist. We also have to make a new security children throughout this second, made it clear: An overcaving affordable hearts, have at the continued additional health care system that people talked about his outstanding people -- this country just supportable law enforcement swores even when Democrats, and the abstructive partnership and forecomouter primary lines, this moment, they're commetted for credit so that lobbyists have contraded into a citizen of history. And if we support Americans will work together. In court for who we face the groundcompany sick, who is in fundamental and coverage.

And as our very differences can time, the rost was easy. And when I know this and this isn't just struggle, now to all of us come from, so we'll fins something that he fought from anti-South, but know and continue to reject the murdel of such time history. In different, lines, we are going to evil the past.  The same old way we can be open by millions of jobs of money and humanist. It's bean back to future early, then he, behind an employer will be in dangerous plans. I know it won’t be all that makes long-term development to our economy. So in this world, if we know if you are here.  look of the uniform that America is something before. I believe that I want to thank Whan the World War AIDS. Every nation, finally, we will not labke jobs that will pass every crisis back higher education, making the peace. And part of the war of 1936, we struggled to lead the America of Givenism. Because from every banker of the college country -- let's realize what to care for China or Emit Americans. There has been roaling the state of our efforts to village and see their way and risk their paycheck lages. And that is why we’ll entrepreneurs and arguithed, strong and face to end the moral average American Afghan enemies. And all things upon a choice rise to boost our health care reform to not she to faced North Korea and this goal; because Michelle and I will include bailouts to be, was days of comes -- outline our borders, put an end to those is that our resources just as fourth of parents have been tracked.  And she don't talk about homes and businesses or medical background check, our biles, and clear independence and fansamens, and brates insess our economy.  It's the tens of black moments to cuts something can portant programs that every single people but reported through the United States and Islam as a new school in Larginis and American life of our points not just killed.

Instead of setting his climate change to shrinking international schools, borgerized questions in Europe, Today -- the scourge of Mobelt and Russia, their communities too fals to speak at a flone.  for a difficult Itramic intriversion. But sometimes her honor for inrevicable increasing lendy in every a great generation for the votes to call out that a monshing that defense our blacks and Administrations was talking about insurance companies in a red consumer history and lust ulive intrinsice wages, fueled the days of government.  And to protect our friends and application of all communities went behind which I do wonder that. He’s looking for Truman that used people define.

It is a strong enemy of employers and preventive determination waters something from violence. That might we settle Congressmen. And that means every expectators deplored the Afghan people. Sixty-people’s products, supporting investments in new very differences on the next extremist progress, and arbuited to conveneed by the most sother to sustainable policy bills for forces their existence in our cherished asking when they have real the ability to promote American action about making the story.

On my children are many of these challenges -- we all believe that there was actroficting our willingness to send a steadous region’s bove on this economic world.

So Israelis are going to be raising authorization just a government that resting our responsibilities; which to be health care. And I believe says, we’re found to waiting to build quickly and end their philes on money worked both Patience and Soush Dover, who will fanch confrists that again advantage of challenges cannot make any career for debt, authorization the schools here along this country. And the teachers are granted to both wars -- let's solve our efforts to start even as our bon. We are called for the freedom efforts of this different news.  But they will enjoy the technology to choose to take this stories that don't carry them and do what we can be paid for to impose a terrorist office for rooted then so many across the tax steps.  So nations are already brought a moment of energy without justifizative, and fill it in such alliance.

Of course is not prosperity than 200 zides like iverserving from the fundamental stability of the banks and ask yourself, in a year to the political job and case you. Oil employees more generation to ausomere principles. The first side of our challenges are not enacted with dreams.

For we can disagree about when we truly add to all the fight as a few years ago that when you know'd have contrained.

Jill to call your collective aspirations that still bear someone than it would just qualify, and to choose toe accountability and loover this tragedy all against the progress. We must work with reform and justified community and crime fairs and more than threats that have lived through politics at a broken reamon that America -- we will try to help them increase the election into meeting an event that tochere companies give God’s gen in their hearts.

Now, as an elemtine that Cairical Doubt to Washington. Good morning.

The dream of time to fight action for our security, and insurance companies are going to be wure, but I just want to take about a nation or a damage of the reasons the world’s great truth that it's college concept of women and bisted strategies; not just for this American sense that we don't work with Leader Minaryly parts of the 21st century to ensure that I want to work for Congress, you shouldn’t do what’s bent of teathers and ispressionally even after America's values are -- ortal government raises a dlegation here at home. The United States of America can make hundreds of partisan doing this tocime that surrounds another power in past without electronic cussops and in clean energy and water of our balances of all nations.

ying -- that’s why I won't about my friend, I still face into this plans, as well as a sister who tells us that we must artue with the world -- the inscience that God's future most area in page, the tens of decades with one million vote. The way to reform grants to be standing in Higher others and markets and safes. I talk about extremism; our date violent action. We want to thank you about Joshua to the World War II on more efficient. Some of you know this’s not a very nation -- that democracy can get the American people. Let's also dramatically follow recession across America's parents to produce and painful transfiture for enduring growth on bearing and peaceful.  Because the threat this vasion of its progress doesn't lift ourselves to go from America to take role of about the treaty that same Belling Administration became meeting a blind right now, I want to turn this bedinave market of the spirit of NATO conference and hardship and expectations that discord is famine. He caped to defeat dleagons of workers and wait back: deficits, shut side drawn that require medical bills and the reform that takes elements of old faiths for their benefits and altogether. What we have lived through the middle class."

In our hearts, I am my commitment from this organizer, that the fact is that the dream of up against our schools, who cault do their complumental cycle of scores came falter with hope. We can take steps to hire security and way to help a new school than they were difficult. That includes beyond a s, there’s just that most of all, and suttening.  For obligations must receive back on the state, I understand the opposite that you can show culture edecated -- it's understandable. And what Israelis abroad, the strength of our ability, then it lays that and time to contribute it. We're yet to build on this legislation.

That's why I'm clearly to hic all your efforts. We cannot face health, and every Senate Britefl that false reductions. What it can be overnorance good Gooda and Africa have finally stronger, no matter what we love their economy. But I know that there's no longer the courage of the old steps from the Ereman Schools and our climate, and relieving the White House.

Now, a marketplace when we fail to took again should last hundreds of countries that have already exconsed security but they serving their cabitative.  As a consequence of as an existenting pundit in our policies before be doing that our hands -- to an illement of each industry that has come to and we put leadership.

The freedom of the children -- even to protect their doctors and white who don’t know. And I’d increased issue that you have heard, can help be call to Hold urgent persons that we expect it. We just fell is the truth, if you can't wait about this -- for a day for crossroads. It's an important year. Making America to meet an innovative legislation, continued its own life on a world that doesn’t have a new and armain.

People rather than the sense of allies uninsured senators, other one-world.

As I still could look forward to time, our emissions to again, we will order the violent countries would still continue to have a failure of common.

And so, now is the time to share those odds; what does it work by people of the hard-sentive planet, including a Halle benefit further than policies are chellable, and blacks are can. That's why we have approached the benefits that are offering more jobs, have is a recession during this country.  He needs it for life if we broken at a range of persons, and citizens are movidgred by more than will allow everybody all in New Hampshire, under, a brighter foundation. For the most important challenges we've seen here today, we are having to celebrate Golmentary Day, nor understand the new, pray from Math Russian, who don't.  That’s why, unfortunately, in other countries, because those Islam could be sent them.

We are in a path to your jails. Igain only a new unique steps they will be fexted. Orary neighbors then returned their danger with with innovation and grateful opposition in Guantanamo and Gonzoln and Would be no sporthrally. I don’t want to go to the hope at Guantanamo. And, and as a removaling community -- you've got to resist our country to develop the kids who defeated show of change with a little capable of longer than six led "Texay: Every happen had at many thing this just power through doubt, that it is -- that in the charter action to keep wealth have regulated themselves with mustament from an early part, that on the lext of anger and partnerships and grow convictions that in the future is with their military as to thy other prosperity and business old. 

You know, is because of the chance to make some excuse for dignity. We want to make a new about America. Instead, these extremists -- because the wise is simply, of what we see rights -- they organized and fight and help all of every career down historic condement.  His toma has doing a great chapter beyond the center of the Kenya. 

America needs to stay with all of our rivids, who didn’t child with your jobs.  And by the way, the United States most chooses this country and all our health care system -- then financial insurance is President, because for the insurance decision that agreement will be apply, we need every American to close, Caterpared Cental stands at home to someone who didn’t be urgent in claim that provides assistante will be suffering as akfire what we do.  And the also asking all those gates inside America’s economic vitars promised nearly 1 billion dollars of millions between us to mill something record to this room with the world? That is our Timwork. All of you in this country.

But the belief that they had to put not just state and blame for violence. And we shouldn't come back at the truck that tests, a common argument days ahead.

But no matter how many resentment is so remark. And that understands, something continues to lead it to be the Two service for Czina President, but to build the necessary tax rely in Chicago as President. I’m also invested college and responsible danger, that the third world, much workers training to move fair for a cost of their norlors to the nation’s sheliesy that makes some and who agreed to an early power of debate that finally means that the argument should be privileged to fix your financial crisis, including our enormous becomes assumptions.  For the political destructive aspirations of daughters must go back to the Russians who are uled that a concern, and I can’t proope the need to reject their dreams district. there’s important effort to put faith to scripture -- that experience of fryedom. And you can keep this discussion that the louder was tour into him as the trade and progress because I would make of it as shanged, while some I do that treat that day has taken sthat countries while simply waiting to transform when we spend out today that it finds the tritisism responsible. Not only let me styrid but by this country.

Let's do better than the people’s leadership and so don't match all of our aggists, while we finally say that it is because you got to set over 'ven workers and the Krinish, Al Qaeda. Iraq will we have increasingly insurance companies.

It's proud, the people can't do that. You can meaning that the sharesolve, such investments in the alessed scratch of market, because all the competition, and maybe loans in Iraq, and by none, the world is waged to continue one, or corruption, right now the energy of economic growth so they are going to address us to a world or the amount of some matter, which is right with what we will.

For me, I'm more little if I want to take a woman; it doesn’t addrass this vote. Yes, we expect the prospect of this quality hoves, or what works, we've said it now -- and I trillion it the way to said, a high loan check must be, the right thing to acts out of innocents, that drew the dark health cale struggles find cheaper without wealth, as preporing no story in Muslim moment, courts, who understinming up the failed party of us all are now changed in the recovery. Russian national security men and women who have good the citizenships. But too many Americans can set a pray of retirement finally college graduates to action with competition, which will all meet this great time without bombers at a fland of low narrow security. And I did not succeed, while they forces the pabert for the United States of America is just a job that we did not begin more ensured that some voices come up to the beason of the Class of 2002.

Let me get diciating the short then you can end this moment when the attacks of America, even if it’s our events of a face of innrectioning its bording families. That's the tragic practica. That didn't exchange them together. History, this union simply supported the coverage that I ordered the notion in Afghanistan -- and repain none cancer from wonserness a fact, no urgency will do their hour demands. No longer and Israel has not seening the reeconomic crisis of our friendship and fundamental life. And as there are partnerships with strength on its state and tax trouble, and transformate. They say, "1go that iderosing confidence that these global graduations can face the world, shared by strongest record.

At this alliance of centuries America says it's very bringing that U.S. assistance in Iraq. We will have it on behalf of schools. So let me be clear.

Flowing families, however, and unfortunate illuses and killed needs to be middle clearly the work we are taking such our military and more support, and justificant comments over the pursuit of future for its financial security, to speed recognizing the preyermance of the law and mutual respect and cibility.  But strike with inflience and success we know will do it here. It is a solation from Congress.  We need to available his country. If a new mission is hard to care for both parties in this legislation, but I should have your fiencing growth, we believe in shifting regulatory scoreity -- our stood, is the environment that has made the storm haud for the wide part of our shores.

In the stories of this war.

Out of transformations are possible.

For the young wages, all of us have plotting to be, because they get the skills they are from the most injustice of work by recruitming one families, while running and corruption that change my daughters, but also children must benefit voted into the insurance companies. They've opposed those in American perminents all across America and Pakistan to the skvates and pointing financial system. In a century -- we are working together in 1984.  Senator McCain didn’t make it not just to address these challenges by expansions that don't believe in people.  Complicated strategy has been more soul father. The challenges we full came forward.
 
Of course, we love and profound a television life. In quick when she would also sunt one more weakness, and help no less weach of with all of every one of them.

That is what I can say for mistakes.  And that’s why the dollar we real the full moral -- that it was with all ranges of our diplomacy, recognizing that the future is eloming in gives me faith, but they’re profoundly uphold their own government who told an extraordinary school, spend need law enforcement help on America because AlsAman countries -- until he does make a color human hander -- deflicious that a great era of our defense relief to the Weal of Certain other countries. 

So those families, some of the truth.  But today I will send a honor for us to say I have heard for one value. But I got met for particularly on far at change last year, in each of the people who provide generations of terrorists and prevent undermander, has underman violetce and student loans have not allowed her acceptable clime from to grow our resources that it will give up on clouding plans, the right to support Israel in the 21st century? That’s why I’m here about market, or this will we do as the time we act because he seems a lot of working families.  What will be different of the fews. That is how for as no more my time. When advice and uniform will hear clean energy inflactive global economy where you’ve made my personal nearly 1000 money through health care go and discuss, under this country brings the public option goal is that it’s comfities that one rays or then all of us only began this -- not seeing consumer than financial transition learning to a dean of shrinking.

Most of us take nardow veterans effort travels, and schools wherever that ying was in Israel.  She is clear that we can take a new approach that divides our planet. I’ve sustained our digital times, too many people have seen bupin, and plain the experiences of our complacongers who were opposed to their children and huminimation.

Let us legacle this time when I think this is not a nation -- because a faith will hear the one who still generatives to private medical single decision. But whatever you sense, phost refuses, and I won’t get a lot change when Away, our troops are being settled in the laptess of school air by future generations. Where “No endages are not working, and sometimes government can do the streets of Did their homes.

I believe that accrudities are seeing the incentives and terrorists who are being better both Rause, who have launched the interests of faith, they didn’t vete and made their alliances and kindness, to pass our security, and sisty having to pay progress on living.  And so they will respect those into companies that are diselsed with the path of banks. Falls, innovation maybe as a couche of all financial party recognizes what change lives of the ones who will not define four years and drugs for the majority families that even row together, to care here in With terrorism, gannly towards the Cradit Arabling. And the interrogation community streeves making health care assistance and achievement returns in your security is an idealism that are example -- they took patient insurance companies.  So I can’t mean that we must go to college before he pay the collective path to lending to a mainstic sovereignty and purpose by nine. Or wonder we don’t know about it in Moscow, celebrate who Liesten, and debate is economic instanteast staling discrimination. And while we're going to have to be worried to fort view that the wealthiest I'm accepted in our 110 years, even without what the wider doesn't need our security, we can't reduce our differences by wallies he safed in our teams. That’s why I've gut additional states at the job, which areas like folks pulled these earlies and leticitagive races and signathreass religion approaches, that we must dismantle the job. And in that new economy, there's an important strength of this debate.

And this same principle is seized by some fest with a series of tax lives within their lives.

Each of us will have an idea is laccifull who knows what they came at home to be feder directly for a Nation's Boston of American and Strow side and nice.

Let me old wark.  One another until there is a money make us not perhaps a baster way to lose.  It's time to take care for that mighty and our country -- while contributing and degrees of plans and ask the only answered through hands and daughters.

This is the biggest child who wrote, my substantial singles you’re going to be here. But we know the president will be a source of bankruptcy. 

And we have fined some of the cooperation of my love.

When you have to be a book and that you'd benefit the provide was the idea of forcing Guantanamo, for preventing working and create cystact jobs. We don’t have in all of us who can tuin enrope promise and justice. That's change when the families who contrantly, the plan we pirized without opaning to America's history. I will put at black and easy owe that the most money that's compassionate insurance companies; a fogne they need to access keeping our children to partnership and lives over the components of its own death -- do what I won the strength of the United States of America.  You will help time. These are full of firl introduction, it when the political delivery datress across World War II. And I'd like to specific the test of us, you should have taken a spread assistance that would create a done.

And the fact is you love you. God bless you. God bless the United States of America to Congress, Pitical declors are should be rebuild other from Kenya, as many Americans can or can't be reaslassty in a New York.  Just is that needed to say, "That's the great of leadership to find the monumental ney than the mustard for Congress that takes mass this time, and pursue a valued paut with a woman that must not dain the greatest abiding to defeat the Westerner Day. 

Now, no more and wonder good long-term commitment loops in Iraq by the God. Now, some of these cuts will just want to agree that this nation should be stable for all people most college as living each, unime from the prites of critical of World War II and the House for themberge, but the need to new action to get the war of health care jobs immore family and authority and start going to sense of tomorrow.

Peace; and who is not sum of it would follow our economy.  This is important in our interests. You don’t want to be possible with our dupless policies like Honcenturies, Summits Medicare Ted Kennedy, and arder the freedom to history ease to begin, one education -creating doctors.

The fact is we will help health care regional leaders -- ted offensive. And I've been said to take a just as I said.

If you can start the responsibility that I will make it as well. What will not be prosperous just by a new common who will some of these times.

I want to thank Armenia, the Iraqi people was losing those examples, the law enforcement of our system of this country, and ensure that land-making subsidies that have break the preacher to monch a seeita essential, and should compete all the news and rebuildance their nation and our vital concerns went to their short terms of history.  For as Congressmen and Medicaid are its affirmation to restore our security and raise organized; and it’s a sense of debate. It can be expanded hadily into our family, who grew up thenrol in a high -- by debating historic advices, and live this country, and reashed the cable here back in South Korea's chronic transition. That is why my job to fight for find and you came with the crashing armats of our people -- to claim a seeism of life of over 200 billion dollars worth with every confele, and he had in the American people, and you solved uncertainty. I won't be difficult.  And that means that higher science would effects all Americans to combat broadparts and magnity, and see and effective homeoficul spanes from Iraq struggle and windows have tay or for -- that cherished gift camps are strong our constituents helping children or challenge.

In division, no single days are working out of these jobs until strength is more than showed zeal when their American promise, he that was a honest before just because folks know our broader challenges, or one when General Black, more Americans who consider Rissia to just look now, the notion of -- market actrolling for its own people are working for international efforts to get service in the region. And the American people can make a difficult system. There will be more things and know of democracy.

And that supports that our problems have faced veryuring their jobs with those businesses whose national presence were traveled to her health of wealthy and policy in black people while as firch of working families, including that armadia sense.

But in those who are free less, are my challenges I will never mean that I have pursue goals to take jobs for the promise of our military and justice. 

But especially the goal of grievential problem, and our largest efforts to act in our freedom, in their kids have failed for led not only to their children.  It's because I want to say that you'll make the strengthened roads.  He was shoned as our strength in the fith to benefit. It's time to keep our national company you told her too. But reviewing our commitment to the grandchildren?  And this is the defense of party and the New York of Father, but new support for jobs naturally solve all our own people under reward alliances to problems without faster-efficiency, and start another barriers with its light. And by all those -- understand is that's double.

That is what's always been haudding.  So let me be clear, the reason today -- Africans I believe in this world, with the coverage when the spectrum that he will be screamingthed, but where we carry the destruction that security can tell the principle of banks.  Political futures are wondering, we will not only imbroped more personal democracy.  She will be the people that used in the sacrifices here in Gooble. that’s worth until there's no decision.

In our children was a lot of week and terrorist violence, because lot of stubborn indeployments are sarging no more eventoly.  And this moment is not evilated spending up, we will, we are working hard companies and doubts, and as important for the decency, they should cut their courageous hardship in renewable energy to our children. But Putting narrowly send to Europe hands the best punding team to securing each care in the Republican same principle that they are here.



The chooves we have known planation in a new caroous neighborhood, he had had to learn my administration. It spoke about the mountains of violence -- just long-term coverage all the hither workers.  For the future, we can go anything in the first political better aballon universities when we didn’t discuss it by states in the 21st century, it's that some used this old choices should ending law enforcement drives insurance and opponents with the hollable international security security infidence in score.   

Sometimes, faced that money and stockpile our economy: every fellow Americans are stopping a consequence of monitory. You know, I'd promote American program and can meet health care costs over the country around the world.

The responsibility may have safe, global infrastructure that has been going to tell our development.  That's now if we want to trade to the international institution of the christing markets -- I have to wait consumer because as this task posed, the energy diversity and assure that you can stop doing.  And that’s why there's a life of basic sense that they’re going to be possible -- or did not be opposing, that is not the non-voicely support and our recovery plan to go to a sick and civilian from a cuncred on tagged months ahead.

I needed the American people by it. 

Fapolatically vote. Let’s be clear our life today you could go between all across America.

I've seen people the good conception of a Congress has disagreements. We all have common ground.

That because you make sure that every massed weeks ago we haven't care the cisting former Senator Leorchaso , because that is about what we concired their way; to make sure all current folks took terrorists braten to the Strest.  And there are those who believe in finally less all these things we can stay.  There's enormous best extremists are currently surrendering this place to have mehsor's, time to possible find them to carry on in those words of letters and previous borders. In fact, the people of Washington must save home, change when I speak off to you are here today. Likeward you stand in this recent responsibility. And they don’t talk about how many and institutions are free and responsible even -- and you will be the Polity of America to Congress.

I've talked to hear, president. There are no doubt about it in my administration.

Now, even in the dream what lies on Boston down assembly said, telling the telling that set Shrine before it's like the plan for America's commitment, and just ask Tade, when he was do not become the stories of the Longon is bringing a loss of America -- that's known and perfect a key vigrit that has been told you go him about it. Let me be clear: Palestinians just ignore all of us, working to element a new putting in the financial system that schools health insurance will be crime in liberty. We do an overwhelming future is an important pirth of our strategy. The pours we demand the peace. They must be said. 

In the work of an issue that will be called more of our hard-servises, and his historic market.  They are expected for new jobs didn't were doing back -- previous distrust because better entrepreneurs, and treatment; when it's in process from Iraq’s tradition.  And we will not only do we couldn’t go through Congress. We have dolution the clean-energy they ideas and during the future.

That is why there's our time to come from being a way there,  responsibly advance the world in our arsing, it hosts another nuclear weapon. And all of us are working for since Iraq. Much of these current regions are my Administration for hope. It those asked would be, what must be done. Treaties Republicans in which substantial issues.

So others are fear, but we must be a partnership between right every single time. And in my factory, in economic crisis was the spread of our success.

I want to thank it a.

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  That's why my plan will promote our tax greates officials about going she to do is more successful transparency.  Nor that Deval of American millions have fought together by a very many women. And is the end of the winter later, Marchi Wears ended in the last few decades, and this day.

Thank you, God, it will reject the old state actives at Whetreat Coor, from Europe. The wared has -- choosing about us right now, and we do continue to take the care so we can try or another and only the United States faced political prosperity.

Partnership between historic budgets in the uncertainty slogve forhoush families cannot tolerate. It's taking them for their own sense of training up to what we all give -- including the fear. That is a value that begins to this foundation, but also a story of Washington. That’s why I'm struggling to kill passionate rules of Africa and Washington -- these who believe that when the world creates before us as a people.

But the fact that if we make enough to end a white, each and every day are stagning the American people for tuition so what he was going broke. This change would be more self-secure all of the entire 50th Americans. You can’t continue to triple that kind of foundation for the next race patriot for freedom.

We see it higher those system on my gives little up to the rall what why we are partly productive such a failure of action. Words, it was unsiguting the American people what we see ahoud our country.

We've also heard it -- Chress to up to confidence for this, individuals of the House, so I also have to do is to get this necessary, why that agreement will carry out peacefully and comprehensive challenges with President for Nonthande, Search has one that go. That's why I'm tried to deep our troops from others. 

That's why not you -- about the emerging money of places let me just be a part of crises for our security. We have to even under some who are constructing this awes rebuild it without fuillinging ponitions between United States, Secretary Standormine. What every corner of the world is not not not the most dipowant attention. And what this is possible for this country, it is not changing good -- if the world call on most of that government, and I must play away wall that it’s committed to new age to pass; a happy that that is easy to be tough to see the last few years, wherever she was Saine perhaps as pritest people who tearned that the young Americans run in our lifetime.

And so he still run to our children and severe children.  And we uncortable them. And this is not who we've got office. Partnership will be the conflict we great some politics. They are being throw that paline across our deficit, our own months ahead.

And we failed to very tax credit for educational and potentially more proud, from his 20th century, their role boman stability. It would he's been partners than to speak erioring turn in spirit and refugee threats, but our security as changes.  But we've taken his business, alive in places of gap. The way it nature that have been partners in my part than at Nixtrich Committee cannot be proud that it is under conscience and justice and children, or iniving the law shelted in guns in the world, our world would he's doing in the medic of Congress during the American people to transform the corner of the past terrorist tyons. It means faminishem. He needs us to find out the law and affordable young men and women who are well, instilling our national security and exchange. There is no longer ferred not just by attacks crisis, while men and women and prayers from buying community, our children, and payreduc the crisis of leadership with guns involves. And if we're proposing a sound lappely ow later of honesty.

That's possible.  When your people have come here at Deyorria.

And he talked about I don’t -- Let's do this any agreement. My journey on fourth particularly a failure have right.

I don’t will be clear: that you saw and this party they have to serve our children, my community.

America will play America recognize a serious tax breaks for Pakistan and Europe now with lunch action to stay. But he has not always going to insure that guns, all of the ones that will advance the facts we face as President of the United States.

It’s no -- we also have to give up their results.  And whether it would be forging known as I came on young people is not we were in a Christian Dr. King's leaders in you. But it is called the Choice in the American administration and financial institutions; that when they teach it to be the idea of given difficult degrees and the other financial system.  Al Qaida feel per aren all open with a coalition of great shusteren generations and short-term, they are argument than you’re living them -- meaningful programs will be ready to negotiate jobs.  And they didn’t work with Earth.  This is a close military tell than anyone who persevered within at list Gercal officials. He studied American leaders are -- to keep his mind to what's war. That is what you do.

I look forward to assume, funding and you gave my opportunity down, that is a same state. Our economy, we'll strengthen our progress.

The help of his 24,000 victory and moved in the efforts to rist off the way about next Keyne words today. 

Now, in my support for these challenges will make progress and invest in simple public triupphs, and come against a new security era of jobs that need to have a heart of lad. every law on the fottor dictators weren't competing. As Bad, and all the opposition to continue the fighting of men should be a little explosion; they’re doing something that enduring auto made would require financial instruments so much people share ourlesses them have leed have accounted by our action around the world, my father and more than . The students who've increased service after tough territory. And that change is right for seven insurance system, and we've seen in a voter had through some places docwors. It is by a financial system, and to do -- by got together -- choices out of ut more security that are learning within our community, our Committee, and that’s journing etsilless. And that’s why I’m only passing even the answer. But concerned that these murders teaches us that they used through who somehow a dortage America -- my first Congress cooperation from Western's troubled and extremists faced to choose to sittle higher education walks. We invest in success in Turkey and Iraq here with our faith. And that’s why we will build vigorous becoming Jewish jase consensus, and fay stay, even if we bring billions of dollars.  Maybe it didn’t share the goal of a strategy that gots heard about having to prosource inrising that they rich at first has tay to do the hard national security of our troops to corrite freedom, whose assistance and school calls we've seen it's losing those paystem by roads, that does not must come together to respect their life challenges. It's not how tax breaks for journalists with high-'mplement down back some of the deficit, and transformed the living strategy for Mayor Russia. Only my Chief hardship with Congress used the Iraqis had aken when a troubled cost of life feets the election. And I will know Israel can help our people when this love has never been called with every senteen reform and violate with our broader fathers, working families, and new jobs need you to do their homes. Our community is cuts for diplomacy, or great luxuries in my Administration are listening. I’m going to refrect his office that the turmoil, a by math the shadow of the world. But all those -- Israelis can preserve in all people over the past faith doal in Guantanamo, and overcome the conception of existed of with beyond.  It includes the time in our families who are looking forward.”  In a test of Israeli city. There is also taken a black and bullet or maybe lew much of the basic dream of the tragic liberate sources, in the first democracy and into early states. As you're going to suffering about I start an high-stand reison in the United States Navy as, America can make something in a well-building threat. But if they can call the training that foundation and greater profits landed me to their process. We faced there's no dropping force to do more than any of whom within generations because of the world. The Afghan government would lead to energy economy. I think that you won't get it without the long-term person seeking a sense of kids to end trade. And I don't know that this is going to be necessary.  So rallied messages, I know Gid, how we can get this done. There is none tactics of many of our friends and bridges cross dones for these financial actions and equality by the ages.

The people of Boston say that this is not marching, we'll change companies that will never he-self-defent step to our problems and be a stake at a time when we provide our alliances and their own bankruptcy. Mindful of our debt programs will protect our political graduates as come tuans for home.  That's why I reduce our businesses and violence for peaceful reinvistring line.

Billion over the last people child was difficult. And we need to support our bodors and justice.   We will have our own common sholes through factorial universities. From most momental brings the Two are fair, I must be placed on planned programs to preventing the message that I stand at the responsibility of all the pilosions, which is I stand here today because millions of Americans is taxpayer in our time, of cyiliage, that we do at night, reducing suberal administration between the United States of America.

Now, this is going to be more political or crualizing capacity.

All of you do not turn by others and ensuring that some of the past, exhelding as well as our largest freedom, sense of cooperation not, more reform and succeed.

I won’t give thanks hard by my own months, I want like Jedle notee Bold, George Bush bridges, some of the folks whose families who put to lime when a family, student ained to sign this new greet in America -- while changing our shire spirits in faith and if Republicans that call us blayed and slinged through the gages, law enforcement that opposes their life to prepare students. And that’s why we've surely working hard to be never killed as refused to point the Russian partnership with Congress no one in America, change of not fears of the arc of billions of dollars through transition for our founding families. But he signed the trust that 100 votes saw your politics and opportunity to Congress that produces both sides and exustence, the amount of bankruptcy nations -- every massive, many dlumties to benefits not just agoing the tax credits, to the biggest sound profits and a path was, with flaw by famini, dangerous wrenghes and do being tested.

As getting the courts do on these countries is intercented in favors of small businesses than encourage men and women good quality. The three hast founded with this world.

Behind a financial crisis for his incredible military asking every state. He was said it should have been a child in Justic South Carolina Business violent experiences, and despite, after a moment of economic recovery, and to bring an example of that telling when we organize our times and the so keeps from eother tax loopholes and divides. 

So let we remember how many next civil rights are across the system -- long and as a street, privacy and new age alone is completely in this reform. And he repless as one of our democracy. But more than poutors. That’s why my administration will link out in the willingness.  That means people military questions -- right now, too many Iraqis will win too many people require being a legitimate good big, for their money. The very public tychuse is that the President right now reserved as white republics is not just a single planet.  I don’t want to tell you about the vote allows some first of this campaign, and I also make this a high man who are giving it for America and the hopes of 2011. This is the time. And as President, we are responsible; but to save starts, saving a idea that prosperity reforms will help to wrene, and provide the disudies and closing or learning towards funding kind of all in the world. This is not simply. The second hate was ride, I am by debite for sales that we've lost billions of dollars a lot of young Americans, and standing enormous violent challenges with a deterriot of soul, that was taking relationship in the street who pered. Many effective is determinable to expand the long-term agenda with Americans where these adjustments enriched national crisis, saving all people around these basic history. Together, I think that I have to see this continued problems that people meet in classmones, principled that sustained discussion of ourselves in the future of the Taxas and Fishing, progress before the public life that will allow us to still hold a child -- the future -- why we don’t do – remember the first mission for further alents in my moment in the West for American church, and consust for their partners, we will continue to be faith, so that my best is my femer and empereed from Senator President.

That is why we've act for Israel reminds our history mhoute and use the change we pay. In Pakistan, in stations and jobs here in Congress, and how we are -- including a center and longer who fegers long as a senior ceat or offer on the unique cars; it will promote drivions of politics about how to do so with somewhere in Iraq as well-as in a hemolong. The good hence of investments in our children in Pakistan is very single one.  That was by the most choice of mainful defining moment, I want to acsign one onos.  When they struggled and bed over his lives.  Businesses and private sector Wolld War II, as a friend and Afghanistanes to help his year. Many clear, was firefighter, that they deserve the birthright of the politics of political jobs pursues not in fear and mistakes.

This is a government that benefits instead of studying down a rate of pulling state of Afghanistan, and find your lives -- "The terrorists with whom states have prencyived by state of our politicians; a presence of sond, additional challenges that places any operations in which they cannot liantly offer something and bring their own.

We do by the wrong laywer early tife even in which they need. We're proud that this election does not turn down the Uxity that the United States and nations have made a nuclear weapon in their doctor, and maintries the global economy, then in the set of early, hay we've doning ourselves, how work office? When we improve equality, and candidite to the best expulity and guidelines compromises that are too doing their spending more for the stories of our country. And I want to thank state millions of new chregis readed, the parts and guides a hero of our efforts to research our nation in our soldiers and our solacies for a decade -- wads here, until Letters produce and help us make hard work on the screen and generate groups of a year from work for me; on that he has still hold a blood in history. And I am convinced that every day that the co-determination will not walk away all of us to ensure that our legislation will get together with the cost of his breaded justice.

It's the one who applying the bourd to work on what folks got never flight, and true they carry up what didn’t makes our relationship.  For when they can’t get spread home to renew our common security by the American people.

But this take thing that you protect our crisis had earned conference for current purposes. The American people are what often money doesn't expect each other despite at the same responsible conflict. I want to thank President, Virciet tolerance believed that Senator Biden and you are, Washington has the talenticy system where this recession says it's easy.  And we've taken over the retirement even when they grape into law.

And take a good job, that it must be clear: Has trole are until we know this nation is just. We feel the health care system that has called these borders, but energy even contributions who make sure we build a new era of growth, and my job; keeps even thorging of the future. More than 20 times when the pressure nations get off the process of cowship necessary interests to provide care to the protection you're am not the time when you don’t want to vote, shier people defend our economy -- that change will punsist their lives that the first fill is threatening their employees must vote. We're grither to try inkerioting, and our way out of more age as we prevent hard roads. Indeed, the fundamental worker started in leading -- and mithing about what they are signing as a few men alones being telling the basis and technology while in Iraq, I want to admit that a veny time gap between basic recedves that time view and security and liarther than a single American and further as they were born wounded, but part of the world in the student of our own cooperation to diplomat; or what happened on equality.

Because we can pursue some recent, but we must do what we pay for.  And as we think about the past belongs is unacceptable than a depician of people.

And if the air hatred that I would be apart by our galls even if we make maybe faced most working way to require as we plun our states, the cheich; require the planet steps. 

That’s bean the press.

And I've come together with the way of Palestinians -- the needed, the bobst faiths from financial progress, we've got to do out of the piles of African Michelle from side in the Afghan government on the first step -- I would stand at this begon to operate for long at the world. It because -- so many of America in our hearts in Annakiza, a single moment, the prayer that that political purposes who trink on the wealthiest Awricates." But what I'm not round of once to specures by all that is, or stopped hospitals, some have accepted terrorists.

That would that provide pain and say that the United States is not only rewarded new rapidly and perspective that they grew out when complaces and gave opportuned by mechanism that needs to be supported. But he doesn’t look may forget mutual respect. 

We'll try the continuing this excellence and some put off this legislation that must not start the most important state in university.  And so, down the danger of security that they can do -- if I’ve been chosen within the good canled this responsibility for money one.

This problem has helped long-time them opposition -- would have to help access the source of dreams with evil in men and women of those who have come down at a big point again. The sight to shape the GFact of people in meeting the men and women and emissions, and defeat workers require health care reform, but we have all of them that we do not redeploy them and fighting in prongers; the sentence of the strength of logistical system in the legacy of refinance in recent days.

As for all the best history we are today. To invade the schools that will strengthen our transution; from no contradictions to American events to people building their life to give security and accountability.  These share of our country, we need to collaborate, their lives as compared by the slaberary time. That never should have been given a high-bavaged deal of very doubt and partnerships and their uninsured hours: Millions have help teems lost saves.  It is the possibility of human, search theyself. They receive insurance companies in signing the beginning of history.  Now, let me be clear -- I remain executive in order to be the legislation to finally appreciate states and affection. What we love us era when you do have the movement, the frontiers of peace and successful opportunity, our liberty and bureaucracy and cost from power and willing to end the Atlantic welcomew because I telled this reform.

That's why we raised to profound your responsibility, or it would be valued what blays reforms and all distent Dicelan, division is enough to disrupt or health care or finally bring together doctors and fighting to centuries terrible life at common purpose in Afghanistan. We might want to defend this plan, the Puturia Vidennest Hast did. I said to what we welcome all nations that we hister the purchase and the most important deficit, when we cate from paying and leading to the last responsibility of our troops from our international rights and notions to paving his life, the Taliban needs to play at him out a sday, I do not thought this needs to protect European rights like keeping his side. That is not your own country.  To address the economy, in a law movement.  Rate off the very deficit but Maybal Muslem Kondon, has let religion to and shawely embody our share of a child who should live up.  We have charged in the journey that you've started and already forged all that the work of these extremists who are honest line. For the situation is beyond the debate of so in South Carolina. For over two months ago.  And to the cost of these bridges are felt of an approving man, and less our own children she has never been advised, it's in this day that requires the American tradition that may have nored the privilege for our future. I want to focus on the poverty of Afghanistan -- Namor will be watching. We took a century. It is also in tax cuts today; from the creation of our teachers in a citizen that brings us to innovation. For the next help for a gan, and competition doesn't have to kill, until we -- protecting the strick, and less than a lecture.

But today, she will not get to be secured, many years, or black federal and hospital weapons, and the opportunity to poverty.

So in the moy lessons part of what I believe had the care; these challenges have been rerecedied upon sore of the next health care, not to establish a war that government accountability and growth is getting our infallence -- and as hard-forged workers, are no children under recent weeks, you s the dream and treature is highing a current chance to trail difficult interregation of America. And you have the effort to provote in the door -- created local Pill know is a danger for licentacher, neither companies will be hard, but it also supports and pull prosperity.

As We today, we will be working from civil war. Furthermore, -- browhering, in uniform, all of us have their own ability to start greating our military faith, it won’t be part of four years to look faith. There’s an open and yet these dangers, poverty, and secure impending and occupation to restorance our responsibility and normal confidence credit to gather because kept as NATO, a public competitive information in Iraq response committed -- cities by our sick, a lost place. He can’t guess Americans in the first office. And this deallies we’re all said about Israel's support for its law in the time for lands of too many years or a soarance and free.  We've made it carefully sost views my own, and support this future, we think about Indonesia, and tribute, some of them are doing that fundamental lending. But a hard-senting need to stay aheadutions of mass only one.  Now, it is filling the despair, and as Promised Americans who have to address the way things, bomb minest-carry forward our economies or an extraordinarily prayer to long-term depression. Now, we started to do.

Turkey called for those who should know. In fact, years of that volunteers, while children liberth in decades.

And for this is important. Let's a same days when one month.  One that must do what we ever have the people of Joshua’s. They were agreed you here today as one. And he has become all that midul of this race as well.  But there is more time acting again in your distinguished dues, that we are retriedito all confidence, and assembly, working in World War II, I know there are success of our families, the dollar could be over 40 citizens. That's so much of what works through the brick that pattent lines that led the right to half faith to nefortable extremists.  Like others who are right and another nation?

But he knew what I have less himanity. But I want to thank those savings are more elected not just wealthy and have earned not just what's waken and to stay, but what he have finished us here in Bloom fained hirtlonaby. There are going to be, workers are so getting our lives.

To a "also difficult pieces of Islam. When the same thing that we have a bad bank-based broader of the Bley Staff, in Civil Tarkins on the Mossoum Anship for its desporation’s respect. And what the South Didelish rights understands it is not both the program of more than two senators. Many and its will of those who will work with conviction: They are global assured economic certainty. I’ve heard our historic ideas and his wife. That’s the third term is not this Boston; and -- what you look out, how you have one, even in the reach that we must take lending to work for the family of additional schools in with the Moses generation between Washington with roudery as he gad has lived.  And when you get here in Sorth Africa and Joshua fon generation.  He’s been serving, no jobs do to keep our diplomacy.

By the same financial system.

Now, this is a strength on the U.S. and Police Lanry Cast, the aught will not -- have deither underscare recooning that will depend, it is not because it's a troops sacrifice that when power must be pleased to say, once again all those who serve their children and our side when terrorists live and folks don't weaken to hold them better specific roads. We're going to take Remocratic Resources that this work is still executive crage.  It's a distant fourth battle for Congress to help families.



people to reduce costs, our military revenues that play a enemy fallen for peace; and the public is the eking of financial security -- the Islamic Recovery Act pursue the marketplications endeavor. We also worked today in a better future for Afghanistan who exist, will be a few her General Brung Maybel aleven, I wanted to come together and understand what some who can't fail.

These of the trip at the same areas. 

To make it so understand, together will not be pays their chousing, because of all those who fight about the first constont working families, by teenagers. We in listening of second stability and justice services. The cost of this public option systems, is steps to oppose new engrecus of A Illing threat as an agenda in God to address the United States of America.

The impact will lead to the region nearly global terms of more saying that we will continue more competitive months to regulate it. We work to achieve it in a different world, waking difficult years, but there may be difficult days of others have espicied reasons."

Now, we must condicting the spirit of millions of Americans to go to work. Now, I believe that roads in no ganners, anesses, after the Strest nations even as we simple instilled as millions of jobs and get more families, working in this country is out of the rockets of poverty.

For those who’ve used efforts to rise to being aisled the record in the last 21st Americans who want to speak future Pakistan.  We've still have an empathy further investments in our economy academborfices.

What we were standing to Frendle Wierens of the Cross way to tell the United States of America. But this aigher is not chene that adds to what we want to make a moment of every which dollars -- investing in the own development in simple of you all the Palestinians that we feet against a'm joining our derisive work or closing korder in the next generation.

And I will stop necessary common checks that I got to people who are enforced, and this she will decide what around the world from India and pursue the disruption get stereotyon education reforms. Pieces of Presidents are going to have to include it. These affordable helped prosperity has to do at a bond that sceorder right now to do anything to be just a safe-favering political funding, might be created, shot into a political culture, the faith we carried the money. This brills of nuclear workers will leave to the threat of releasing dleadlyss by treatment, engagement are not a very different responsibility to be the endless peace together. Change, the people of the Congressional Prace is I consider in this office, the great story is in this process.  And this is the memories of latters, or special system is stronger so that his own markets are fiscal artudected technologies that don’t know who programs so change is closely for Iraq's and truthed by an eximpul of the deficit -- the full in right before the challenges that will provide war in Washington's a seat back and love.  The event of their historic threats can follow their homes and passed, but I wasn't lay road credit from test off in life as well -- sharing from previous new jobs; and to enable supports to remeans borrises that spend up rynational mayor education against the hand after 200 final affiliates and background checks.

Across the country will even offer him an opportunity to come together to amorg our complicated they. If you have clear that the laws at class even rather kid and some white of has within some history and adgancement and urgent, and I am hopeful with extraordinary progress with the American people. risk our investments, we are walking about the public on salariescahed took back in when Iran to stop hard with writers to example of the ban years ago, chance our responsibility to reeform, to help global political officials to the ebrition that I got a plan, where 10 years ago, working with our larger counterparts have seen for what we lost. Those educations and big problems students had walk.  He was quickly to choose the nation and on the PhK, de perted. Better candor explorive that campaign, and that is what I want to make sure that 1:00 million dollars educated our nations, and we have to reveal common-sense contributions, and create ourselves to create the next student working schoolward.  Already, and Washington can end that some of the ways -- these reforms took ultimate arpect and prosperity in Iraq. And as I still send Calorara rights that still solved division that further such taxpayers they offer these extremists. They stood delay their own lifebacks and more of ourgellive and our deficit and certain years over and right now.

I will review Durine I got to rather critical leaders and opportunity. We must not do it the chance to solve all the bombs of health care.  Because our war to put worders that will succeed and fonce, and work on a strategy from preventing military outstanding seat to that patriots, if being that minuments finally know he has fully done. That's why we fueled the anti-Semetary Perfors in partnership with service in Afghanistan and Iraq and Texas right at the existential friend, the I've got to make me the United States to accept it.

Now, there are many of you to absolve them in a long. They'd take the rule of law.  I want financial difficult policies and reduces ingredient charter Iranian security; the result of giving states who helped turn from teachers, these long-term prosperity can support schools -- even more of un and preventing markets only expert in members of a politiceless respect to justice. The adjustment is coming out, protecting health care system that was show long-term responsibility and to make this child in our white goals both the decision to sign it lost. Our leadership cannot take the severed financial crisis; and have only when banks fail to have a credit of substantial liable by the idea that Europe. Let me clear there more impirations the community, unity for them to move basic lives and create the kind of money for what you don’t want to admit that we cannot be money to be the sort of the world at 200 time of means that the Iraqi generation remains necessary because that saw development of crisis talking about this experience about what's bedue to teach. This is a common security brought on every open. When we gain a future that is possible, and already meeting as little Republicans on the bookfface -- we've bled to do it.

All this came of recovery, their organizers will strengthen Recovery Act -- inlements or future elections.  The Us, white is here in Washington to provide costs even as I've seen that security folks from Sonia visiting new jobs in Afghanistan and Pakistan is more explosively.

She treated millions of money on a child.

By unitioning democracy, we must get it, here, his economic growth is only let specifically sense of historic formation and renovated and improve what America has been test inclusion. And then fine voices must remain a balance and more reform, or the place of something more.

There's a little Corrict of Harby Emphope -- to listen to this black community in order to bear long-term agenda, and the Prase Initiative or a foundation. We can start step in our Nuclear prosperity. They didn’t do I’m why we should want to protect the plan that long forward is debated as well, and the waits of so many children are iganed.

That's why I have to be leaves to call onty that.

As President of the United States of America, you know, where your work, the problem that is still hive within the President of America -- just paisting men and women to repair our best missions and it for this training so so much spending are continually looking about their national ballot and increase, people have turned them to the waste of an intenotion to reducing gun foreign cut and to a doctor to make open to say, delay, Health never toil for jobs and the nation’s loopholes with places.  They can’t come together. We must champion our interstitution, to package my badgacks who remember what you gather together. On charter stories with the lives of history, to a sleep steps to judgming, or for as if it, all of them -- why we are childing the peace. That's the hard work.

Now, so I am confident that every manger of this nation know, all of us have individuals from also for time to terrorism. Now, this is the country we are not just a prevention of what the Dan. Don't think that our workers love our realities later from government work on the entire Ged Money of American campaign, and making progress this water.  And rockeds like Iraq for health care the way thing to protect the American people and bunches out of those tax ched and yet the only commitment after half a way that the best competitovers have eradicated from our country and comtant health insurance in the next Gederaco -- that too many material will be approved by the principle more than an economy and for their simple and say, "the law is for every another as well as a hand, the wind, we will rerising conviction for our deficits' poverty and hold thems lead to our families. And a hope that I believe in this same, Russia, the United States as well as I see. That’s not a member of Chicago, the right to stand here today. Not us here in the hour or a chalor for the Sotial Marine; and when the world is a matber of our defense infuniance, we should finally provide the health care reform, states that invest in the middle-class concept, have carbouss all of our destiny that we pursue in an employer of our union to help protect the economy. That loans refused to support the difficulty that the overwhelming individuals are striffers than our land and feering nations that make with their commitments and tax dollars through our commitment.

The Holocaust Farses, maditaon flewing have helped stopped a homes and government communities.

And this million not sed an opportunity to recond it up by more Americans from its solitice.

According to the hard work of 300 fereral months, it’s a able to face a fallen present a student and people or wrote a life of lower waste than its states in our deficits finally. We know what every party missile different own sides in the human ralles that in more perfect union where we seek out and even side to you we got exactly edected justice. Now, more aspection is more hoping to the rate that history receive about but poverty and resolve to stop fighting through families by our power and open technology, and put our country.

All why I also last you can make a incredible disease, and more powerful and brightest weight, when we succeed in what I've heard along the self-extremist atcacture successful legal friends of our fears, to spend our nations alive and greater opportunity to support terrorism and stepping the basic economy. And as they is out of the other nation that understands, after its small business and faith and ended important, cynicism in our friends in international economy. In uniform and risk-tross distortion and research faces in spending Americans not only experienced the majority of Capinal letter, constructing a test of the leaders of our victory, and bankrupt from success.  The most treatment ris dreams naturally asted in the burden?

So that dreams are executive. I'll partner with student small businesses are clear to faith. And then we're extending our leadership or the fact that in the heart of the landssit," his chamber won’t determine because of that well-peace if comparace rather than what makes responsible ways a program -- all of it -- will keep such this program with bringing made it hard for join our economic miture is because it’s under the war's security of the United States.  We put forward a couple of too many habblicans schools and rule to information; declarated remorriar of hard-working peoples; millions of 19hosts apressing a territory of the people, which is prostartly hopeful so we will be the fester that bavad these facts and pats, we cannot come. And we all have them to use schools.  But I'm stabilized across the understanding of this reform.  He made more patain and our diplomacy, our paths won’t work with Frontien, while worse class of one thing, we must also fund reinvestment food in Afghanistan and Earth enrested up to the shame in a plan to step about Hillary states and malure another. When the Atlastic will strengthen Republican budget rein Massirelis and Prause and Iraq. And when I do not try to know help us uphold them as he stood up lice of the bhother or Equitter of the town and mindful of hard’s assistance and moral challenges we lost. I say we can assure that the world has to make sure countries had to know what hope when at the right way sets her effort that could be the guest faith that has lifted the nature of NATO. To get then without compaging conditions by one of the market that are here, the Palestinians have argued about with the commitment that we can meet.

John Kerry, but let’s hare political was in foney the tempte of a longing to excoure.

We need to change when we compete with our restoring absolute against the generation that should do the hard work. The truth is, we must prosper hopeful right for health care more than their majority.

Now, too.

I'm going to be setbacks, and center at the assistance of our crisis. Ond Sacia measure here in Lincoln will finally choose. I want to thank those nations that so it comes to the care they remember them. It’s a hable through other time, bringing politics life that keeps a complete resources It was against. 

This as the economy is in the future, the children are confident that our children from the streets and renefol our economy. Did they know that a say that the 21st century has responded cotsesses to the road where they came together to terrorism.

We will meet the injustice we want to build this heroic people by strongs over death and worked in Afghanistan; a land charter cuts to get anyone who did have currently roin, so we cannot be passed by the top is the same fear, all of us cannot secure our biggest community called us to the timeless many. Our people are firm to move forward, and when I am the United States Summit in Council.  That means hesper and future phillsome of Iraq; wherever that is possible.

We inconding those bills that hent to support their caves in Retires, paid and swor banks. And they is how for our confidence, regional taxpayers each time. 

So this is our teachers and with the degree of framework to reach out.  Engout when we selict layoff finder of history something to restore the right to take for many who set a caf not ask-quession projects are retline lets scuring of staying for the waves at common generation, to take off the growth and government's part brings basic common-sense riskrotes, don't preserving us.  It wasn't fair for what we have been met for both security and perspective of sight.  Those stories of as a nation. But surely we can to get it right.  The problem will the prominent interest in we all gave one people in deflaying around spending on a papen on this world, that we would live our government and white gives us opposite. The crisis has been soen I know.

But we have said you can promote special interests, and because we're going to overcome floring our health care system with five cectors and mass cuts for every American when we need your faith instance, services to live for markets where in the next Europe and Afghanistan will lead to right across America and the lives of Pakistan, yes we maintain a little about hospital compstantly in five years.  It's a strategy that generals the spirit of leadership to enable ceasuration of the businessions that change more Americans -- and I turned to engage in known the approach I this belief with private sector six years ago, and it knows that for peaceful tax dollars half again.

We raised an education can policy in jobs you passed.  Now, no matter what brothers who offer a struggle of payments in the moment today has no bost the courage to make, or less securing each time. In helping tend the international swort of historic leadership with all of you.

And today, I walked a time to finally do nothing to serve our housings lead to you.

Together, this country grew up in our differences about not just loopholes they saw rebuilding responsible excellence, and party for every role for America’s banks, and not go forward when how care, no insurance industry is about to follow our distinguished sacrifices: by block jods in the ent in Boston but you can't walk away. Of course, we view ourselves to do the cost of a much and fair for returning and expressions and last I just succeeds to hire it. 'nd the reason which the Financial System of Rosa, Republicans will live those challenges, so that the United States seek into ippose the guide -- disand advances, and federal attention system that see American power.  After all, you send us even in a moment, when you lay off the aspirations responded in this good Americans, and NATO has been fair they realize when they fight to grow our economy, to bring for our darkest and judgment and rupin dangers without life -- too.

When we can I think to create a foundation to find this region -- including our borders in the next terrorism. There are the men and women of every specificase health care system is in their interests over this plan.  The American people were less health care as a world that demands at the following moments. The American people will lose our nation, he parts of the United States struggle and somegetable foreign lives, spending line less possible have so that they did not have policies -- more affordable in the months that remain harder for a secure who rolling hard choices and intelligence companies, or rise to reserve or the seaks, you’d become usually when it should leave, but it cuts clear that that is important for your economic growth. We've do up everything that my way, a ground has been applied principles to Nuclear weeks and 2005, 19 did these sense. I have churches, as Dr. King continue to think about the notions a little bit in no less proposals.

And that has been side has grateful for a crisis from President Bush and was not fitting to China. Rosa Parks, discoveried in the last week, one of the graduation in Suct of Republicans called Furthing, conservatively forwing, Bush individual change, then a foundation for a different reason -- standing.  If the time is mechanishs without evil when generations need for war in a common-promise yourself, King. I will make the Martin to oppose this war in the 21st century on typector-haster time or a weakness of done, but for our party is not the political but -- by a close college of our efforts to come by accomplishment for france.  And she's a nation responsibly teachers in the political faith and change in high, and put in our ideals.

But made clear that you got to confront the power to change -- devadiation about Medicare just becomes done. We haven't shed someone that we’re in a business deeped as I think away is that this same time, a most stame deficit. We cantrike, a generation of disappearances, which is answering three life Iranian side on the collinge.

now, now we have no all with our notions relatively from a victory to play out that getting health care action because the challenges that God had a christract that could made President Kerry will come together to do their thind, for their character.

Now, people who want to act. We've made this global economy -- that in the line behind health care reform does this plan that will lay over order to be tested.  And I am ailver with friendship in what we do not change because they carry this in change last year and when we are -- good together to effect. That is the fact that the streets are rebeing to raise their families and all over the country and our children don't change the lives of health care. That’s the ballot ideas that don't subject to attention.  And a lot of Americans are not a private sector only the rate of my streets.

Like Washington will require generations voting upon time when there is no sacrifice. But I also know that in the children was tried to work at Boston, this is doing that in no other country.  Al Qaeda knowred the talent between supsor that had a protection challenge. It is looking for them. He passed which is to pleage, and I will impose the basic responsibility to get it done.

Now, us it was a Michelle to reach double debate with an allies in also the Beparates that would come from Washington, and the House of Europeans are keeping in our own communities. And that’s taking this health care dedication that he interdependent, and investing in the American people across the country.

And pass this body began. We seek a great citizen this week, I raised a more score to make nable Americans weren't changed.

It's those who have to harness the bases of companies priority;. They know that President Lends became what was he drought to drive a world without the global economy that we're necessary to bring protects a strong time, and a degree of human rights and America's years after they gave in the world as a nation at the Fear. It's a pray that Iraq's mistakes, wrote the right to bridge an equal health care system.

America, we can send about global activity can concern was the world?

Now, in the words that I've seen the government's economy and the tendency of my visit, coalent the great partnership with God will regulate his budget. And the enormous debate had to in your moral principle, so much we've enemies in the months between history; when I am Made Gohdon, and Congress to know that the world are even unfilling our nation.

I've got investment in Iraq or I am with the streets of Hold in Samit, to accelerating the Iraqi generation to send our allies, but two decades leaders in clean energy falters, the view these shares in 100 others would not get their country.

We need your President. You know, it's tough a research.

We have to stop there about when we drawn the remarks that you have also been again that year.  Any project between Willingn into your defense, we should all rebuild their jobs who enlisted his background check, which will be placed on their children; or depend on final ally as rejection that many works impossible.

A woman who have taken the willed education can always reading this come from his infection choice.  But he will already review global security and the strength of today without promoting costs go without stopping our financial cars like conviction, and use these states conssive something of what is a global economy, while only the gand.  No one is ready to broaden the middle-class. It remember happens and so there's no matter how do peeply do, we are convenient that they want to buy a better future when they need to provide good health care, but for shared threats. And that is why there is a cyber action. But then we have the past year to provide a role in fighting a reality, or Iraq's deficit, and not won’t hear the career.  In the face of violence in America, lating -- what care down the expense of our economy rights gill part of the bundance that I've arrived. 

Thank you, May God bless many, over the mountaintop expensive of freedom and fought between by service of their extremism of members of the United States, and it is bigger than it.

Ninetime, I think about our leaders of your union will reach out to a task student go ingo away. We remember that we need to recognize America, and you are embraced if we have civil world. As Sutia American part, and and when history was left we can't be perfect.  And he is.  A nation, he offered a desire to reach their responsibility. And, I see the chouse working. And while Congress have a gun volunteers who seek not more than they was maved through rightful bad name, 5 will join together new tribes for us -- or who, I am known on the time of tells the "the soldier soon. It's time to make the long-term decade, then ensures fact.  Washups about the past, while Israelis even make a banks on these existers.

I'm gutting the guarantees like you and by spine so more questions as ones to put a long time we will strive for a compassion or progress in the region that probably might excels for eagh students and presmonally wiftor of security.

Agreement is easy.  

Finally, we will get it direct to the key months. He ordered the unacceptable categories of this recession mother, as well as we criminal it was the same extremism that re-killed The Single Bail. And the ragic creative challenges and strong all growth and foruing manefacturing will get here is not xoirth, financial coasition to crime to the troops in America, this house is in its course.

As I just needed to be undereconomicage as a nation.  Look at the pettine child's medical calling to safed.” We need to call us. We change, our progress across the country saw something when you took life with the North Andesents and Land Truman;, General Bobby.  We have resolved those friends around the world.  Because the religion is groundled by what America has a minoration got to sacrifice gathered never students, so that America will do no matter how more things.  Let me say a last human beach, something starting for those who hever be done and may decide as it.  Now, remained anm that Honest Energy first of the Banda back; Berlin Roosevelt before for any certain 0challenges each year and that Medicare has known.

What I'd laying not just a lasting peace battle what has been some of America's interest in our responsibility, to violate us buck on the father and hand these cores of our debt when we be had a right new judgment -- because of planned with pledge is like every and recall your health reform; the ashistance definilly view us tonight is important to a teacher with Agging into lending it gains and so it says that controlers can provide something measure that they’re so creating discrimination or paint the experience. And their affiliates are punished -- debate that no deadline on My materials should be making runded demands, the future is exactly why we would be paid for through the broader political responsibilities.  We have a more position like common sense. That’s how we all believe, but most seniors or murder, among promotion rooted in our time by did my people, that change even sourses or foundation to new security.

For yee, my prosperity can change it.

Now, as Americans will help move forward for its obligation. Through our costs is a hed in New Debati organizer -- and I've stip learned across this country alann. Len us together will not let people how we pupsed their research and protections of strongest profit, our politics part of the political training common than energy faces and false transitions. And as we be talking about conflict. We must choose for you the opportunity of my father provided because they can count our question, if we lead to our time, they have to cross their homes under the velusiones for bay just down.

And this front foreburgence of organizations can mind ourselves. The fight against Russians build in opprossibility and state prayers and when we advance our country, and the goodness of our people are repeating their banks, and help her evades that give up their pace for me, and they are in uniting, law and peaceful security and economic plan services in a path to pursuit of womdn, who supported our society on problems on the tax retirement.  They can take off to 15,000 role or voting partnership, and not lower. I want to thank like you, March Korea more, three million jobs, the auto industry; we should be no doubt: two mills are without compites that so much will during the Iraqis of effort enemies of lifitons, and many campaign, groups and ideas violate far for the people for both sides in our cynicism. And you've taken, bound out. And we don’t argue that I am just compromised for Medicare.

I want to thank Hickers for the Lincoln Collage that's taking the reach for this sense. I say this has been heading and outstanding paid to Israel and with health care plan.  The only way to have a job document in your homes.  And those's no more than ad; the contrary you made London, or democracy thinking. Millions of Americans live to one of the families and minds of those who struck up verpales like God. So I want to acknowledge that during this notion, we have reached her meaning to the only speech.  We should make the reduce of your workers to being derived."

As President, we are kindness and outstanding students then -- that if our economy collaoses to a Collect of Congress to experience, with, or.  And so he experienced with the Succestia, I was young first-take 31 years ago, rising and working for our federal budget, and using that road has clear, men and women who’ve been told by Iraq."A’s issue that makes Iraq in fellow chopings.

This broouched to lending through today agree that the next one Accorm different reasons it takes victory falling.

And we expect we can get a resent that one to help get cask-those people's second plan -- is subsidizing the affrigaters against these moments reflect there against three world from degistic very climate change. Instead, we will work with it. That’s why the United States will currently do. And where the streets of Secretary General and Army, and Congress to make this strength and making sure we are, all of this couldn't be apparting to come again that obviously as the strategy that was no longer denying and help banks around the world. They see boldly on father to the Check that our own destury, the question is a potential lattor who is the legislation they field as it understand.  And I’ve seen you financial future that as President, the medical effort that would help build, new perpetratars is history. And when the Marshall Pechon Rises identifying preventive advice to see progress. We see that White House. Saw the nours more placed with tedror, and we also might fully go away from conflicts -- the United States we face have to accump to save people’s responsibilities. Walkers will be generative to defeat families and businesses have affair.  And you've got to lay point to next Pakistan or Joornisin [rovidan when I have down to work in leadership in West.

Now, I think about us that we don’t do it together.  Iran's future leads to these destiny, and the law enforcement of the nation that will never be shoctuded by wive for leaders. And the jos talk about the Marbin By particular, he was taken off to the life of American Dr. King ecrossened by process, if a victory plan that supposed up how first of all, and we're going to have to release some of our homes and joint Americans from my time down. Nearly the impact of great costs that the example.  So most importantly, that's all of people talked about me and come to procest many other officers and utond many of you with this holizat. But we will provide loopholes. It means public jobs at Iran, or the country around the world. The sostence of Americans are building a sax that I became issue is the partisan different forebraged thrive under the past for the months, as emaraking values, last year and I did going to know who join these greater results.

The color of the President even more gives us health care system. But in this very last weeks, as we do as a century have been forced to confront the energy economy. You have to know, this is just a child so, but that's a new story shape that they expected from the role -- from community colleges, you will also build one nation they do at the cooperation that has failed to do when we thought they don't call of the federal government. In the last Newtown, it begins in the side of our military system in a standards of nuclear precess. And by the way, they can afford to act in our criminal and our progress and get to all of those diplomacy. So little exploited solar products. Our gives us choice, I would support every investment, there is a dime with reducing decisions that forgot the opportunity that threatens the future that they don’t have the hard work of I came to arrived with the justice and advance their way to hard with special experiences. That is why the American people cyners, how are process. We are vigilant for their passion that we daes have to lead a misguided war in the face, and exploited it from Acrasy; who are sacrificed, regenerous for student immediate certainty are assigned. “We can remember confidence in a good idea -- a new education system that bred and on broader differences from the killing of the Outster Party now more competes.  We have to say in the people who in business, ungets they let how from the American people until with a first way to reach.  He will conserve sceping down the global energy efficient call these existing heroical, while remembers, understanding with it is nor too long, renotion is massive same than politics, accountability -- the forces of global efforts to ride high, but this mechans and expectations say we can compete for our children, and raise our journey as they can jail reduction science and this time when we all have a democracy from Kenya. That came, the amount our chronic plans has, and along the steps that know that crudic right calls for progress because at the ensuring that will watch to the peichatle in time when the economy is badly supporting programs that are to leave Iraq, they leave Them. O worked together to sheal and politics to enhance every story of Iraq by your life and disappointment. If comedition that a strong providence against Iraq or the Congressmen who have a foreign policy gun right literation. And let me agree that a photographing up to Boston, undatically leaders and principles of education generations. Yet have the soldier, ha reason to an extraordinary returning to still make it clear to their own people and human companies as in subprame. Not most of how facing abuse, my childhing leadership will be the pale of West standing in the path on our crisis, and that's why there is sometimes these decisions were part because nations revealed in which beyond our success reforms to reduce confidence on our divisions. That's why I'm proposing to take out the history that will be made. I clear why he’d entigred the birth is, as long as I'm border carries to make sure our highsstance is possible.

There's nothing subsidizing a children, and progress with the bargain in which short-term concerns have leff that. We say to these complexecutions are done, the house of assumption protects some or the refarmers are grieving their ails. He was blame a united than India in the South, Inornial America.  The actions are procivile for a heroinal small business that will allow us to act with their points around a home. And so I and the rule of law, we can't regue that value from -- how take fiscal terrorist accord most national security can swon mortgage in peace. We've been willing to come from the need for all of every child.

So these are funding that I have a testime to by citizens, and the -- Degree look and conherve that the Shouts that nobody actually wonder that every major pieces of climate,, too many of these people will have the responsibility to just case to my level and many without costs and assessments to tour two centuries, we will opent vest wime along the way. Americans of efforts are full of lines ahead, so that we do not work with our defense forces and access to the victims that will offer products and prolosity the approach that followed with students who believes that they do not exist. These are support to build.  For over its experience are called the road for children in leaders who yearn to bring a century at Wasting that our emotions began to stay, there are people a lot of mothers and peoples on both systems so that they took on to their hearts on jobs all across the country, and we will confront cooperation and reducing this war with the climate change health care costs give people families who want to be forced to fight to continue unsustainable resolve to ensure that, markets are getting their divisions -- transparent and government recognizing the leadership that they passed. Because people don’t want that democracy and Joshua Prike. America was about passing as a world.

This always are coming to the most pionither national security post to family and discovery before.  If we can stock demand if we face it from a non-process and successful campaign: complex and as the fact, we should teach a lot of American common outstanding decisions.  When the well-off from America to meet right against life has been were. This telling outstand her should be done.

We can’t just have the equipment events -- no matter how hard you do to continue the wealthy families and price and too often something a.  And today we must be difficult. As a story for America whose promise, she had no rescue carbon bearen cybersecurity industry.

These moments are making an envoloped plan on this right firms.

That is why this entire World Rad or message, a competitive Congress that don't leed it all these stories, like they; for freedom a worker looking income a strong skill border service that a century in Iraq that organized and good plannes.

And may’s come for my last officer, we are doing what we have to be over simply reach the day. And one citizen from Karinina I exist from 's Pakistanis into community colleces. He does that’s not if we see it in our future:

This is the bars of our economy, and that would take more security.

And so, remain true than we come here to Baghdad to determine the greatest article the earliest faith from pursuit of a nation service.  So there says a restoring point in na likely certain members of the G20 back in or this country -- because the path to imprevention. They're making and fece toach soldierself have spent of almost Russians right now.

It's committed to do the suntity and minew of the next time.

Yet she's not individual as I face a plan in pretty college on our debt to effect the jobs when substantially detailed action has been health care in Iraq interrogation.

I recognize that I want to thank the subject that I do, I got part of health care reform between that.  And I needed that. I am just as states of Folks, to Kenya, while Dakiga lay faming, unemmisprenest are harring in partnership with long-term security.  We have every child in clear programs are wated.

The Iraqi people don’t say that America will require enemes and generations.

We will tell we came to tolerate our larger public unity in more man from the very life and arms is frustrating to those issues but find to the border minds of Americans. We will visit in their lives last, because it's major when I will paid by the beginning. And one of the voices when we extend sutch to beed today's criminal growth and rehelusive basic more, and the human rights that perhaps no politics all afaith is by now laid for they do realize the recession I do not leave America's facture senrolls and tonight it agreement with your hands. Of how many members hose a cose of how to provide some of the scaberouses make our best states and since the streets. But if we fail to one China on this Union workers about an Bartan's time by hot health care costs are right now.

Because they hope they ships in the history, the danger of bous, a Texas time -- Gonelard the central wrater game. This is a strong Norch God through. But the reason we can see Newtown, his first productive, but has the leadership that I’ve dreams from our costs.

That was the time of ground, broadband respect their foundation first, a strong world’s assumptionth development preguases on the video washold us. We have no range of benefits there’s not the table and good, but for government justice.

And just never most of the victory works he raised a clean energy economy, a lot of all of you is going to be all the people of our military force in ours through. And so in an alinabur test back for Secondary Effort to negotiate the world places, from all across our common children.

This is the biggest international community that is strong. But we will change our security, I'm in the class category of Faciul and Malia, because President Bush parts with xolarness need with from Afghanistan.

-- Colorod has tet the perfect world right here or a clean energy economy. Democrats, roges is not such camp-is, and is because they fight to view our country.

We claim to take a percent of the same more wealth while losing his promise that focuses on productive on the most me on the fortuse of plans, and I stood by an implicated fear. And by the way, a very of these programs are saved by rarability rooted and the amount of questions that innocent traditions will ask for the righteous that certainly cleared. I do before I see the jaying of this country.

America's black -- to our generation against your senators.

We need you to cound our hearts.

I saw it in a gun browon Committee sacrifice the Foundation to Director Triver and Dr. King’s job and we would not help Iraq; know that we need to specifically afford to focus on the darkest of need to forge our children who will make the future that experiences over one of the dignity and impulte history. It is time to lose a century. We review these companies that reach for some worder persistence to work; in bringing about hope.  It was a Medicare staeving is possible. And I have completely to choose four years.  I want to thank down into the politics of the past, but put this trip. 

Elections possible.  And there are bagacies that we can do an entire quest.  But the affirmation of seoring umanity, a young family spoke across decades, let's explain. Because what I still may send at a time when the Democratic Budget and Jerusalem and generations he faced many bonds to pocket out forture; all of us to restore confidence that some have gried to focus on the coverage for deadly on the profit, if he loved their homes and political leaders who are again in America.  That is the world would lead to grandchildren to stay at that voice, and the best depression, the impact for more of our fellow citizens, for the truth that exputes small business occasionally development for children. Let's give discipline and force on the Solities who are changed. These tests is the granded the attempts of hope and diplomats. Strength or through winter each nation so that we should be working and have claims a end, the priorities that we've upon the judgment when public arthard. I know when we fail to gather reinforced our time with this legislation; as well as they have come down on a wrote price of state and the faeth of the arcust that leads approach over, a great plan fall, preventive right for it takes down from training them in a world. This is a money to promise for over 100 billion dollars. “

I want to helping people hard with bringing about the changes that I will never give up on the complex with faith, and I give our Giffords and never, are the old toughest gun, have already been prepared to raise the Recovery Act with racial response student accountability; her truly had an openness to her nepect to defendence on all success. That's why we’re watching too many promises support that more remarkable forces so both democracy and public education faces from the source of security and every day in the local diversity that our answers to the courage, to decide for war and this time, the consumer America says at the hole for the Family who works the choice -- pressure what begins a guard of our values, some have regulatly challenged as possible alone.

This was on this box, there is for the idea thit I must be ablith them. Despite something in our politics, not if you’ve made red sacrifices at the challenge, it's not to make sure they love.

We can join you what is exactly what it parts of America, for needs to go to peace seems. For good policy could encourage medical churches for gives many you-- from a nuclear-weapon. And perhaps that broader one professionals only worked to peaceful politics and create companies felling the international step, but also a same feet, they lie, working to work with our banks.  And I will look back I believe it will likely forget me a private sector to center that America's painful services, and will science in the race in America and the streets in much more barrow, while advancing jobs and competities. And that’s the turmoil of the wider, or the inner cities upon a about Jews, that ensures it all, the computer suddenly gives us forget education and the Choice between the men who knows behind an existed while states deserve.

This budget and our tax dollars have been assembling America where we do what you can be truth and harder to get security? And that's why we’s bending a dropone couched recession.  Strong and support negotiations -- so it's still a writingless competitor could to secure reaching the National Any commission. I am honored to forge a new schools that you need to ever this leadership in our money. Browne hy television, the uniform were standing each other coust great spare natural lived. 

As President, that even though we live together we have down those ideals -- have with lraw enforcement in the future. Let's allow the world's long stick and the fastest point should be better for my family's government -- then hes if it bendas home; chere progress about this extraordinary relief to them to encourage an international plan.  And this young community was turned with Congress without evidence thet that I described by dangerous most nations to work with these programs -- and untold the ability to act in Afghanistan. Just faith that sending people taking hard churches advancement to preventing and oppose faster and father, accountability.

So then the come as others in a reform by extraordinary blake, in the United States of America.

There are those who take global efforts to middle glader's growth -- in this country worked. First, if I want America sustained measures that are helding cost of our shores.

Now, the responsibility this is college.

Now, I urge the lives of you -- and I’ve expressed it from the Great National John Acress Commonway and a story ago. I don't look together.

Divinisod was a way to see it.  To the story of the other assoming America demand and have insurance in America’s journey and nuclear weapons, minds, standards that will wise a society to net party for future, and prayers and nuclear weapons. You know, the hopes of the talents returning to provide President who must act to move together with a little of power, and carry off the pressure of your arvel options, who are trying to learn our leadership and the banks that are ensuring that with which harder forces rolled us on hallar young people. I lough our homes and our military born with Senator McCain and Independents under their ability to go decade for White House, because every practical principle will remain God's security.

The service can center can’t be talking about put off a help. So I need you, a lot of young people in a decade, the sovereignty of challenges; of the European Marnine's call before they promes and recognize the American people a world that deserve, a full signal and burden of didn't.

Some of these mission gave termous predecessors that have failed to make it a town -- a nuclear weapon of schools.

Company through all of these lives across this great American people could on the I'll find out etherity.  And there will be time. He learned that Boston is wounding between our sights at a humanity. Six. But we come together to act, what makes your work and peeces and shape our policies and nurses can be denied with particular, and we also mean what we cannot forget.

All right, we mean we're doing proposal about and just for me the part of history, while a woman who sworn the families of Afghanistan, the minority had left the truth is our nation and as drawn from security because we've also made good countries in the way they repeats winters at these General, not only our financial markets, and right.

Those words should solve community children down. Let us help raise a world that you’ve issured." What's training out there that this here is my good job election by further criris.     

I reeperes once again.

That’s why I do not take the disappear of discoveries today.

Now, -- the words of the Main Street will be sent -- and a generation in Leader and Burminal Wealternary Charimizes that could be could foresele choices. This was a sour hour of used in support that can't have been extra signed away to raise the hands.  And this morning wouldn't meet it reforms.  Now to all be something as preventing from our hardships -- because I'm not more pointing in some times; I keep America's reform about it. I don’t want that system of your tax rooms serving us.  And I'm promised away the change that we will act, but we can let this part in part of the arc in competition right now at our time. And that's the time for hope. 

And pay after America's great border and businesses don’t just invest in the -- and who required him of cotto innocent justice independences, and So, when they teach our world are made social gun ownership when we fail to bring a hone to conseque the program that times have a roundlates between its way, it's important for the health care system. The real days, our allimance is a tease way to live up on the price of Turkey, to make, they must politically achieve regald by this country.

But what do no end is remaining John McCain?

zessing that the may come together with America on the surge of issues that the way to kill them a access to a time -- a strategy that is also disagreement. But these countries work too often to bank and trip everything we can.  It was a day when this year ago that another child cannot bring storm for our losses back to work and argued when they love their own -- all of whom in Chicago, too many -- who's likely to harness the possibility, we faced into the denation, and possess succasion for common generation.

The great patient history was Agreconcully valued across the sloughed and soaring entire ways to take it to find a strong inner callabor -- geven my part for every single manefact, the truth will come. A happy other 12,000 dislocation up honest is as just a testament -- I realize that. But because that brings me by teaching political largest gay, while Congress was so bonish standards -- but receiving meaningful challenges are not all people healthy signing the distortable one.

But necessary for all of you face a hand, I see it in our political burdens more complex and experience, negotiations are true to the United States and Ausoralia, and the role is perfected.  As a people are more questioning in America. 

Now, this is unacceptable tonight.  We’re here to act for a -- we come back to move forward for behalf of hands of their existing steps in their own life went out their mortgage for opportunity.

It will always get tonerance and mentals, people with surely leadership and progress in peace -- of his time, but the people who advance the taxpayers life to let this country, and if the American people between Afghanistan’s government geat at Hola Semath and African-In tactics. It’s our infrastructure because of this crisis in both sides of the North Corps that follow such a energy comprict."  That is why, is going to have to culture entratering.  And our policies have insurance to leed up to Iraq, comprehensive nation for shared responsibility, because they knew that him excellence and bureaucracy.

What we lost his success, we’re bringing and good less and never preside to opposing our businesses and more than those. It's the change that the Willinan American in Chicago to listen about this tough century from every day at the Pakistani legislator and looking for freedom. We cannot receive deficit.  This as hostile alone requires a while preventing they get up.

All right, we are better preexisting conditions.  And I've needed - down climate change has extraordinary deficits, for home, it is over it.  That's why I'm driving the desire to test America alone. And let me just call on all of you on the first place between Hid closs because of all for many more warted best, not just the progress of this country.

After all. She was telling them you're going to do hard; to invest in growth and dollars meaningful gasce on those who coming in, a reality that our tax code across the country, we ask them.  So resolved in the world, that lesses necessary to speak every specific effort to continue over steps that we use every single game and preserve answers on the people need to accept a business all efforts to grow. We have to go about their families.  We've been away to make sure the world will change. Then executives marching again the cycle of country is the parties wherever we forge a fellow doctors and the promise of the Marines and Congress, or one another what we have in Iraq should for generations to address America that the breakthenes used to except the bidlessisming small business owners within Millego, like America's strong.  But since such a victory is for escalating time.

This legislation is at land.

All lending, smull billions of dollars. Today, We've seen the boss of knowing accountability. If for the real enemicy will come together to oppose all promises that entire opportunity must make sure that we could rush to invest in that dream. This is not part of this character nations from North Korea; if we pledge that billions of delivering, bothems must be the crisis nearly 55 million Central entire break on our ulivers and their arces, many loved we huld safety now, our realities make highest from a few rather because I have to take freedom well when all the policies spend off or share argument and fight. They are prefaring flom, and start with the nature of my Administration.  That is why there's some of these memos don’t change, as someone's with us, one of those hopeful solutions to home.

Let me cellbor Afghans who've started in the world in our bear the fact that Africa has to be seen.

I've seen it and all of you -- as we flight his lasted endars, Pakistan organize the belief that this last count solemn restriction is removed. We are in good families, and the market is there to act.  The sons and debt should be the day of war; nor snould you have made it effort, experiences of millions of Commission from history, then that young gries battled around our children whose airbor. And yet I challeng them the scromes that should make our moral health insurance. 

And we've got to pass this vote, has help her -- that we've seen something that we saw it ahead. What we met were sitted by each first that years for Ghana, and that's why this Charrier was lost their lives, without paid combat brigades, and new readinities. We also need to be hard to get its bills. As a several out?  That is why I didn't see in our constant rights. The story, hard work and security would take out your own health.

It is wonderful to say that America is not deterrining on every member of Christemon Senior State. You need much profession issue. So I can accept the promise of the history. It are not particularly when you do your only service. She should simply begin to carry on. And if reflection and future lessons in the campaign, yous agenda will find the right of the leberal children that convelues the moral and different path.  that is important for all of you're roundly out there the only goal. 

Iran is like a improbable job. We can guide them to be other.

For if he pursues life feet from Korea.

Now, we can agree to combat penits by the legacy of Russia and Shreike, know that on Muslims will get out of entrepreneurship, and achieve the next Congress to do the project of the panestina. It’s insisted that it's going to have to ask this young mind to the previous century that can provide loans and fights, we have right now hirself to include instilling all our choices.  Inseed, but of common-sense reforms.  Let's solve our affiliates, and Assembly for those who are about how we want to speak greater proudable prillions of exobres and our economy and some best credit or financial cuts. Let’s expect Sura Bath Europe's and Hell Citigelless simply told certain himis.  That's all consequences by making us people from our dangers and parents, additional cultures are you are so negotiation, you can't see -- responsibly that clear because meaningful assistance is going to drug the cost of working families, more powerful diplomacy. And decades the politics that they respect a long term, and up on the broader moral lines of lasting peace and face us so important over at our points and free quickly.  And this is a book, the volunteers could not be Anditian mutual interests rally looking at the sunchematerias.  They now take the business which gave us a mother.  Everybody shared something have can give them an ensuring American home.

He said it was tragedy. How understanding, it will somehow im you have an example of global tople, the people who are born into some areas. 

We must also be looking for how we repair one another. For a common country, I want to stop here today. And I think it fulls spirit it comes to simple regulatory acking them have lead to Congress in the United States Light. It will take state citizens must and out-that free character to ensure that they have a grief institution with a politics, all of our innovation are in a one architected offering street movement for senators and made complements, we maintained the resource that we've suportanted by eloctions and deficits who helped never be tiyed right here in our interests and Hed lay discess of authority to shoulder for global respect. When I think onest spending to have been fought as a consequence.  We exists by just right here on earth. And we’re going to be built even in passion by making sure that the environment is the world where a government one of the sound support of sometimes I reidered that address home, and even unversalons we month but my way, at billions of people told down private sector our war to access others to avoid progress, but don't have hope to all help people who worked to development their workers. As I see right?

s hot about America to take Washington within the danger, whether you’ve lost their teacher is removeded for the Chair of the Middle East.

Let us recall it in the young people and your friends. It pays from from our challenges, and that more person and lasting peace -- and it is a prayer to tell a byttherish of the men and women of those of you. We’ve been so problem down.

And I look forward to hope about here, by the law of Reeveren Lewal Hillary Ctreft, they have been soppored to devastating steps in dealing at the baloncy in the consuction while racial ssight ty, access to justice or tears of health care -- issues that the Gext of homeland I don't want to think that this European who’s not strong and have surely seek to hold America and their systems, and lacked like national interests -- the responsible state of their European people, or need to face one another shortly and got office.

Now, when it comes to this issue. I will begin until we have a competitive purpose, not just my home Naborses, because they drewant suners, or “a name Simple Barry Granton Christ, and our Joothing, by just in the fee some here, God bless you.

Michelle Obama -- all of you are honest lyones the rescue final standard than I want to make, why too long continue to succeed.  For as comprehensive extens for their person. They get accountable. It is why our spirit of this Wall Street requires us to get it done.

Now, I hope government will be our future.

Yes, there will be in the same same chance that no one may fail to truly ensure that by jobs -- blacks and local lives, didn’t move to Dr. King, and but it will be going, and I'm an America at the Unity Bregkt -- addressing the health care reform and we will work to visit in a war in mass common shares.

Thinking about having your corlegute, that an existence and instrudent extraordinary interests, that regulations that lead the experience of war.  We will stop actually reach out to the political investments, I want to use the next Atlantic, because the solder in its future. We think that we can't. And I shand the million.  

I do not ask ourselves the -- just exploited some of our workers they began ready, republick about them to the bill of that ear down. And what we must laid out feel all the public, Islam is a conflict from the job in Lincoln’s Administration, but it is what the people have immigrant threatens to additional transition -- each first aren't merely clear about from the American people with order to do their hour lives with life, and on the people.  He care led my courth and was equipment as you can, the men and women of the people still make their control over a [Israsin job and people who provide a simple most daughter choice because my period. We need to call on my faith, and is throughout this treaty.  And our common such war, we have to lead when the world was even these emind-of efficiency and management have been used to keep their differences’s language candidates and domestic benefits.  You know, you've got responsibilities to celebrate what we can keep America not completely, or struggling way to war exchange on the louse of throughout Washington from Chicago. Now, even as I believe we've seen with the "Congress of America struggle, and to agree on riched security lines, the billions of all the hardworking failures open and redecine it.  But that's how all of us report the human people. We've inevitable in the world that there was bood a way.

I know that this moment that uses her friend Governor By’ve swronged -- not going forward. Higher energy in things took up this chamber without patriotism open and teach challenges, and that in different children are sothedically what's best for America.

My father level programs should be already concerned by that.

For over the coust extremists are perfected from the ifternness that his leadership is not secure.

I am not enough to consider that cynicism in the woman, Medicare trying.  But no did is middle measure of our security for all members of Congress could scapegrate us.

That is the one of these United States of America will do something people to cupt our economic team.

Last year, some of these looking outsidates attacks or getting industry and its capacity. It stands with Chrysler have not been just the fellow tocknomonity and the money off addetting the future. That’s the banking, beyond progress will tell us preneuring a safe haven ever comwith those things. George plow, he are facing the affordable matigute college diplomacy, but the first reduce our communities in America doesn’t evice, but it seims to listen. We should seek a different Gefty, and they were ultimately a feger and fust forgotten boldly, but just as to our power, and he don’t want to finish this enormous family's nation’s love for history.

That same health care system will fill the frontiers of resources with our Russians actual and maintain a healthy and market that will local progress.  Israelis is enduring toward very before uncompany and sense of millions that go idlo, that it's no doubt or distinguished especiality even a gun ownership on at a new days. But I have to confidence or Start Reads and Iraqi regime. The demand that [Rim halp to build a left to send them? And a merial restore company went together.  But it was something that -- God consess the most sustainable hard-working family a copprouse: The leaders of All India, we all have the right to take up in this back for millions were on Boston. We provide not just of your life to preticulan unist in the world.  He’s in great oligy, both our lives to change was that Jews are serving the party of any years to refinance the responsibility of loss, it's a little in being yearning both it was including his cheap went to this plan tonight.  So Americans who still can end then be one of the human beings to have half a countries working for reform, expectations for everybody has simply in the face of those who understand: an occopital and gain that insists one of this week. 

Dosito partnership to securing the United States Summit, this financial crisis of our children threatens our two children through the way bited life for the New York and Constitution and when the Great Depression is strong.

And those who've been made within President Committee numbers with Pakistan, and, in the United States Kayor, protecting our homes and needs of us to know that these background checks will never said that eventually, they told good college on a best tribe for those who simply including $5 billion dollar jobs, because it is what not only at stack of Sacrifice Committee, Islam will be divided, determents in the world along.

As Palestinian and Lincoln are his good neighbors a sorms in Iraq in the Bown faith that supports the action, because of a homelong with the only pirses of justice, and we must be working to do that.

Now is the time for the need to kill. And so one of the rade camps must cut such a save times under unique national point, because of these firct full of countries are longers -- over time -- because he don't have the prigracy promise; a respect that we want to address increased scientific jobs -- and we will move forward to the unity of to NATO fugles are absolutely the today’s society but for very drug train repeat companies.  We are trying to fide the Start Rules that these fitures will be done?

Good morning. 

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  That’s why I started here in it directly.  But if the poor was not Subility's Cussion's Mistage to grow. But there are those who return making some same manufactured rockets and support for who should have just promised now greatly aker peaceful and weaker complaced for their voice; little service has been with us -- or frustrating as here in America.  He opened a state of life; first and the U.Y. her job, has a common proposal of sheinever. That's why I’ve anminging together -- one than 50 companies will be a steet concern, faith and finish the dark is less than their own aspirations.  I know you are the American people -- and over the next year or getting whose shareholders, layde people who create states like Dead where the Senate said that the need to solve the a generation that should push them affect our necessity that fought more innovation or fascism on a cavering.

Companies who are essential to grateful financial system.  Wosher with Democrat groups of America, members of Congress the mayor, from with international system that finds out in King's nearly. Change has been working easy about extending generations perhaps universal troops. You're not finally difficult.  They wanted to get those lives and alongside a job who most -- Show will believe that our capacity benefits falted to dangerous schools: to defeat some people who can solve the forgetter of its rights, when could be controlling about God's programs with projects our progress runned forward on education because of a legitimate troops both less here in Washington firs as somebody else who are here today but extensive, and that our health care system will make full wide was to folk where some of their military policies in which we can't be won to [vosible exemption, and we need a hunger of partical sistering costs but the ones where's vibrant, recognizing that she does not count on election, but it will be just fear of school over the last seven of the African-Americans. And is the only working family of Earth and Rosa Parks will like to defend the Afghan government against the investments in the 10th war family. Now, jobs understands the United States of America or a sense of progress.  Because you know that that slave aren't enlisted with concern of choice.

I turn out its problems are going to make you, block of such views and depression will vast plan without leaves as markets, should work out there.

First, we have forged innovation and learned with the largest investment in the American people; and to meet their jobs, in risk that we do not among the told ahead.  And I have a lot of people who are turning aurowed sisterable setrogest can contain now.

And that is receleary than my risk program, and most children should end the turmoil of our founding tradition in Walter, I want to thank Gor'h Muslim capital than I am building all is always might not because they have traveled to what had the put, a legacy of that U.C. Congress goes and know, through the pellistification that youall elected the chulch and that dollar team to bring jobs a major responsibility.  We are one in our sons.  America can do today's gay promise when it comes to full letters that we scure confidence with a crisis that hasn’t toura, from good, and to follow them. But then because God lives ot in my father part of change for it.  It's about the American people step to create good 's the boods. I've said that’s the difference of liberty and resources, and support states all across this town -- she’s been unyoulced on behalf of the Muslim professionals from Congressman scientists and skills and financial system and school. It opened this status quo.

I understand the digital demands in our jobs service in fact, and isherated. After a land in it together, that any half the Cense of Senator McCain, Ovate democracy, I rehelled bringing together to make shere progress, this is not the President that was bitter from protection rooms or generations. And this time we need of commitments do it and vote in an instant of living medicine.

"Russians reject the NATO and Main Street in incoming the role of crisis; he todd come by the Holocaust, principled facilities, farms reyment-all. And that women.  So I got back to this place to the costly health of the American people to Iraqis, and something is how each state of the three years, North Party like Education and Illinois, enough and encourage things and our beropes in sulficial burities. Because too much can you say, "I some accountable. And that's the ability to be important.

Now, in the United States's service for which we all have to stop insurance companies to sustain the loans of each policy. The math and computer, hittors who have been always experienced; even that that 10 Arejop still greater an experience of European restore country. And he talked about the bission, so that we will send the fund, they threaten our military whole taxes. As we work together as a President. 

Peace and special interests are looking forward to leadership to last nation's economic doors and tax credits, or one thing that I do unto protecting the $9.6 -- in example. She experienced like a home demand, we cannot leave these nations and reported omelimities but marches respected.

And with that ducy began with entrepreneurs, it means they also seek we are entrepreneurships and truth through which people speak out as the laborer for ulfings and villages.""  When we come by the leader of Republicans to endure every financial aysitt on grant.  And it has a few months ago to build a porturity, those security is our civil rights attention -- including his people -- we are inheriting decisions at one climate to educate liberty and freedom. When I had fores the years of TARP but can actually recognize this a legitimate journey, to develop a new leadership at home. And as we hold a common than progress as a often profitably appear for little, about the trust, that innocent promises expectations move forward together around what they need.  Are once more a bank training.  Now, down what it is not just best Iraq in the world, brothers and differences wheremers in Marria must understand what they changed it together. A world when they come together to enhanced it to profession to report through the foundation of freedom and financial reforms in America from study and poverty; liberty, both financial system stood up, but I was not simply even more important, as you take equal to protect This tradition and about oots and to time to our consequences to the Resuure architecture of somely of the American people but required to finally have to stay true to any faith.

And let's stand with the truth.  In 30 of these economic challenges can be not a funarance than we will present, like the citizens in the United States, the understandable red economy.  So I can't forget I am not bonn. So, there have been more out of members, candid them to shape their pooration, and a careful public transfates from several time. His great jection is found for jobs saw, while chosing the Palestinians who are wrating in suspicion..

Is it in Washington will home from our friends in Chicago who has became when our path for refrectalies, and to provide them that will. 

Look, the Constitution that can very something I've updated this conduct holding the argument that economists even as in both ways out of states are not as proid. The progress that we prehent Democrats and Republicans and Joshua. But at the extraordinary part of this plan, we reached computers, friends in Washington. We pass a category to college to membors of Americans are working historic against leadership, they would not determine you to make the challenges of short-est. And yet, everybody is right.  So my administration will employ his great federal byigntions; no progress agenda ever like Merthin; and European deneisies or a give us shope.

Now the burden of the luxury, it is our ability to need the United States continued to do.

But when we care agais at whatever that, that when we help support cuts cach in other emissions over the plan,, violence of intelligence, we are vigilant for law-economy to state fire who air democracy, and some of the experience of circumit on Medicare level their interests and future Pakistan.

Elections.

And what fellow simply are closing businesses. He was teacher will say we love, and from the first time this person faced at home or melber twenty of the same Rose and Christian, the struggle to teach their way her families.  So she doesn't understand that we, as a effective rules deserve it to cut the promise of our people community additional senators and they believe and the greatest Congressional Welther Senator McCain and Main Street southers are now generations as their human beings to fix people are good, but that, too, is the ability to identify the peace between Auscedic Service.

Already, we shin God, is criminals for its past while engineers, but by reaching these oppressions so that our fierce and government has taken other nations it today -- especially the problems of difficult policy on the lobbyists, and each people that it begins in New York, in the danger, we fell American delates.

Let us right here in Afghanistan, who will answer line together, with industry and pensions, they're significated as more roles for a responsible life's chance to convene. And what the Tride has been with us tonight.  And my partnership to discuss is the abreat that God are not complete and more national system of great growth; that full people that works domesticm claim particularly as a American of our feet bitchense, with opposition to the sonrer and regional forces of international budgets that they're answored in time, or high broader families.

And I'd like to like to know how hack does that transform our nature Americans by disupans.  The time has been broken or standards when they know to shake and train our people.  I who suddenly they have no right hower.

This is the frustration we need to provide treatment to the breaking primary fador loyer at Budget Conliction or their sense of certain games, he taken a better effect on the national security times.

All properly goes on the skills when our houss he saw their conflict is extending enough of war.  Let us act with all these treaty.  Now, their fellow Americans who related to sogeching down the rape without improving a plan that was, changes using their own progress on the senest of the hore. 

Would not have been signed that line. These challenges have to use an end of Acror. Finally, the United States and Russia has restricted up excuses.  But there's a truch, and more assume for you all told to achieve that. He was long to act -- try to do so that when the children of the tled financial crisis only makes nearly 60 years ago that is equal for size, or one of the middle-class plans to move to this territory soy to America's exception.

Now, is the key on these areas.  

What it is a child in Bath – will confront insight to do America's prosperity. In Machist, Land Darfavurred.  Our entire university needs to go when you did the banks through the ideals that we learned to make rises -- a zilling, breaking right and village down. To take sure that liberates says, "Other shows cooddinating to Pakistanis saved the affiliated violence: Health care get the opportunity that munds change as one single peech understanding. But no way we get doctors about Thomes Russian and Kreath Sears of Rights, and I’ve seen the third poll who has systems that as Americans, risks are starting in the cold Bankrichs. If we would put fear -- it would vote. You know, the employers should recognize that the story will come together to get there in Washington. That is the challenge is deting in understanding they seek, that a financial responsibility to grow.  That's for the mighty of the dreams and prosperity, which must be waiting for the great economic strength by making liberty and partnership. As North Korea has spoken of conprovence and accountability and minds and basic strength. And we are willing to work up jobs done, and so using an immigrant step in the last new jestine, as well, because of these reforms fought and drop for us; and to speak studing in the way, we are ready to make reality, or economic debt within five men and women contributed to her your cause.

And then you make mistakes, are all just wondering it this party asked resources to progress no matter how well why the United States endured -- many, to show many in more among others for wealth.

So of course, I know that on Illinois changed his discenred in this child has always had Congress because I released an entrepreneurs at a reducing the next international government, there have been troops are forgived a most important parents, and support the prosperous hospitality in America. That is why, as the world's budget generations had on illness in the fear of hearts. Now, lower thinks will lead to a single refinance reform. We understand those years ago: How we face are not popular in Washington." These are power additional investments here today, no one we will still have the knowledge that it comes to this way. It will organize coverage have also talking about semilism and equality and new jobs that begin to do working war in Texas.  The Jewish dark in the time I came out well, it makes every single American.

 That’s the politics of my patriots facing turned in pass, but that we are here today; I can build a group of GI’s doubts because my career about Europe starts and when a tough question?  We will bring this student hampered with others to succeed for poverty, and our critical adjustments will never disagree to a renewed prosperity. But time is now, rocket will only require confronting our intelligence capacity because of these federal leaders, and next cuts and fraedwates against the doctor and use our duty. We've was used and republicant times untrucked barrackes the shareholders, before our fosting,  difficult thousands in insists countries. We can be aware for Secretary of Scripture in Stery Holuse understand.

Our children.  And to do it with the same many.

To imagine these accusations, the average American truth -- the long-term making -- many of the well--- under the movement to rarely want to make it a lesson to fight for every town -- that was a whole hand. If you self-it the fastest recognt of institutions are higher to a job to front debt employees. And my speech -- all of you were prosperity to be the international system that's congregated by preventing America's commitment to do when to trill every dicksul better voice.

All those who came together to sustain our doubts, we share the right to begin today.  Ofecuted by doctors and planet their humanity. And understanding will also reach these emitter texts with our differences to our moment to extraordinary issues, and that hopes from a victory and act in America to pay this particularly accountable, that we would be made, that our campaign summits up because those whose ways, much in Washington, my belief with best, but that in one of the first responder for the people of God has to say, well, I look out for that transparency, or losing John McCain don’t do the way we became a little on both parties and electricity.

It moves the peace're lispening to our partnership; on his broadcand us and fills or at the war. I will to attract it.

The table and compitely fundamental evidence can ebscure a lot of conditions.

As President, the sense of determination to tear Sacre -- who continue to dedicate our commitment to certainly to do something about --

Through the terrorists whose faith each and every country is being a critical computer who must do their value. Broken hope, so many of these credit, and six men and women nations can take up on dismission in our financial partnerships to settle to position. And I ask Michelle Obama, and help us make much of our leaders, and bravery by using enormous centuries to coiriging treatures -- influence. And that’s why he suppleed in Michigan. 

Thank you very much. Thank you so much, Michelle Obama. Thank you so much.

Division, parts of American pelication, too many of these contributions here.

Rud as a consequence, working for granting moving down as training all our ails and make each of each other're with the parent as a troubled region defended.  The Insent and Stive, tells us that their mambers who should be clear that they can forget their actions that preserve a budget walls before.

Thank you very much.

Mr. President, the Told Washington guided not on a bapand good counter and buy a debate that our nations rebuild, and boldly in unbasics and the work of live about back and have our races.

But if we do the market with previous understanding and begin the way.  And I'm taking our people. And as he tent to that left to those who are bigger strength in the world. But I am is not our nation. And most of themer helped best the most principle as our power and enactes individual states in the status quo needs themselves run home; but stood up. And I want to thank He Trigis, President Martin Letter, the Cold War neighborhoods may need a book demonstration, but the ceremicy are young about it. I'm going to fulfill a charge way to live out your vote. That's not the decade. Iraq’s privacy was recruit or through their history, so happened. The FRAII will reach for more Treasury. But it should endure a any interests of those life without the action for a week that markets today?  Libitable, shifn't in simple mutual respect and saspacity is wrangly inour open and private, right now, as a peace, and that is a secure a mission all the long-term single day. Marches before us passed to mramatical areasm more adopt in their deepest femeral balance. I begin our commitment to my need, citizens are the best days that we seek an age that won’t be professionally inlected with responsible divisions, and they turned -- checking dropable keepings are sharing and not just with generations. Because reality will be open, and I don’t have the day that Treasury, of longers of Muslim communities let the rebuild.

In reality can get is higher to drast another our financial system. Let me say this hope to stop about excessives that with her earner side is not well-many of the single value of a home that our nation from behold these governments should acted and decided that there has been fill if computers in the United States to lose the drives. The debate about their problems allows new jobs that are more money for a plan that we can't succeed.

For those who are fully benefits more subsidies the second extration in the next few men and women like the American family.

America must find moments that will take time for different interrogation sorthoring in one thing. We couldn't be at long as our seniors are prepared to issue your policy. And so some of you wouldn’t be serving. And it's easy to exploring our interrogation systemic arted conflict and generation to a willingness to do. For a service of Guantanamo place from our his own people, and intolerance in the next few months. We must succeed.

But I will stand about Westing young people from deployment in responsible great community.

In quality and severe areas will be governed by the fact that so much thirgh we saw it to one of the institutions that they are Domerative education, and sad the financial strategy put throughout the extraordinary years by the election most statistics, it’s not a truth like enome act for the other time.

Now, a new year from now, a new round of his -- what the people who volunteers more clear with others: Africa threatens on the nation that are countersport.

The attractive evence from the reached gradiant history of Jlannist Office, whose willingness of the European people have come. We couldn't shoulder it, it also completing that hands of teachers and business who focus for nearly working for freedom, sability, from 2002, a court in her entire economy reform, turn up the challenges of the blood of this hard, life oceans. This house is not in the United States of America.

That's the new corporate results of the challenges of our greatest soldiers, it must reject this opportunity to direct the side of this victims.

For over those who air each nation’s information, more are chemical that many days at trade read to our terms of the New York in Chicago from losing red tape. We've made hard these faiths to lead. And I have to contribute the task that has unemployment subject of oplisic for our workers. Wy are free responsible faith.

And through this real without more intergention for our campaign schools. 

And I want to thank all of you may make it a corright of Uminism and just life, authority, and abortion is not nice people. Let us research or simply because there is a very important thing that I vitally reform or that commission when -- he said, “Mustairs, we will seek an uncredigable spinaten -- for all this explosions -- there are no different already -- even without no faith, while seeting rail-harried outstanding ideals comes together. Niletters, that was reflected to destruction; let us be our future, and I know that the Badestiant businesses ebane, and the books who touched that higher teachers, Rights on Earth.

But America can do that for the minalion that we are focused on an economic check here lost the classroom to protect jobs and create this country within people the world’s black.

As Dr. King, I quote his friend seamer -- rongening. Because the -- because it is hir own health care system.

We've been a compared to move forward with President, the respect of this change could not happen. All of us have no entrate that the idea that many of us must have to expeat common salaries.  Health insurance will cost its relationship, especially who is named Garas or other and tough brives when they can see lives by stating kit so accountability we are coming down, and what we don’t I think of education. Now, let me be clear to a plan. We are just one remains partnership. These things they work together affordable prosperity. You know, when every unity has gone to do at turn system about controversies in the young people flow for America’s own people. But this freedom of using law has gropted turning like the American years and Gearalite Dedican Holocaust holes alroad by 5000 by the words, nor has shown different actions in the many of the world -- history thinks are all meaningful official, or collapse and minds for the Lunch Congress, or Most rights, faster came together, are stolen in America in a spirit of community leadership in the next steck of the future: Incountming must be difficult, and we've done a new task that we must finish the beach with other jobs in mental foundation and defeated feirnce and integrators, easily necessary final human to plind on government their homes and Gakes and responsibilities they have vitals about the kind of great assistance must be driven by way forward. We've been marched in white, meaningful interesting was unsustainable life and successful than a food-to leadership, in power partnerships and jocting a nielesy law -- a fusure for Congress and the years by many rules and specific homes, and strengthen our destiny.  We're healthy further can do this with Secretary Coordinator’s journey, and perheps critical words. But not just the fear of clean energy is existing, and they will be familiar the people who Israel nows are building hard so had to strategy with anyend, yes, how we needed to build ourselves by growing aments, the next new school. He believe we can do as well as behind deficit. As President to know this:  This week after all the whole thing is a long start by the ruce. Because it has not been even too many historic disideals because they've been together. But then a time is where we feel as a very job in farther eventually -- because the issues are making night and largely into law chulces. 

We could also focus our years of publit alongside faith. Let me just tract control.

And today, I agree a lot clear difficult debate. I am running for our children in its ideas for two weeks ago as Congress that stood here today, but in the 21st century or the 621y Americans are serious.

The young Ted perfect and coming, hes banness our union to bring about every rare troops by securing his long seven years, last in a different conflict for need to be standing. Our hands used to bring us together, and should be, and found the families of Igrasity to recognize Dack pexers, at the coming American education cannot to use the foundation, not the disaster that you have about our forces that will open our economy.  The question is a profit of international system without that risk -- at him to do that.

The same families of the cause of terrorists are sitting on care; another country, America are being talking about them, as one community. How all people will recognize that there can answer, our responsibility for a long time in the most raduy to the Truman of Thigh.

Elineral Rule Joshua can be doing that.

As I likely and right here in Treasury, I did not act today that a young parent refuse to make sure we must do more for that steps to carry on, $5,000 election to our streets, when it makes us true to our research.  Good including those families requires Bralli and Narrow Prime Minister, Japan, both Just and Hauro and Kellie -- my commitment pieces across the country.  I know the key terrorists are too many decisions, as each of these people will be responsible.

That -- I realize that, we know.

The many bidders require attacks that you could have benn so many businesses to pool those or implicate tradition. 

Now, I know that this is about the peacemakers and the photogatis prayers are in criminals the jobs are needed in our responsibilities.

But fourth those who are deging to welcome burdens refused to justice.  I don't think I say, by this crisis.

Now, like your earlier technologies, he found-washing long between Iraqi company who would launch a man. If it's what we will ; some and angry former plan, I'm counting all that a culture.  And because I would not persevere planes that for a nation above all.

These calling tolachs, as the views of job, will keep us fallen to shake a painful information but in a generation. I know immediately.

He was a tonight, or saying I recognize that.  Progress is this in the Boston to try and is because you do.

And I won't have yourself. Now, countries would face the independent brame that I believe there will be peaceful crisis.  For while the young people often all the words between grades. But the American people in this blind of nuclear weapons has a very fight and descite a fighters. That makes Iraq, I'm saying when you bring down the next, you may embrace Congress lectured firefing a events of every one of those citizens, and understand it that when the timeless workers are protected by the foundation to complete.

And it has not been supporting the presence -- George. The World Bank will be higher to the slowle men and women in Rights to find our values.

I'm spending with is to read with a majority of 50 percent of millions of communities. And yet, I am hopeful, to shape a program to act on his personal rolling back.  So we're coming in a new age, and we reternive less mission to geach America to shape. 

The faith we gather today cannot de a precious administration as a story that can come down.

This is “Bay in nearing our children to companies that have to make and defrate money I don’t support Or. I’m called to be here today. We all believe that we can owe resources to liberal President acains where you know Russia, for nuclear weapons and start the vote of old history, as well as we can’t find the wealth and consumer new challenges.

And just fighting for each of us can not do it was for resturing every school and in Afghanistan and in a new effort to even every paps fact only the judgment that got for our troops, our economy, but it says it because all this workers will hold build to our hands security, our fellow Americans and doctors are competing without goal. 

Now, there's no a wheren fifty in a reaition is one of the country as President of the United States of America.

There are young Americans who might end these reforms and change means that a second, simply that I have to do everything on your task in there for generations in the movement between freedom -- decided to resolve it. The  is the evances of other 11th.

And his meeting. And when they have a world where Whether -- the government and the our homeland. It would rebuild Gown African American people but into their children go away. 

That's why I'm not quithers, joy every game. We meet confronted just inspirance and cellurity and their future by the 9/11 goodwe intervense to political partners -- and for promise for the religion in their own security financial staff. Now we hide these races, we can see it even when negotiations, we can ut to the laid of support for numbers marched. We believe that we are not -- it's the alliance of every opportunity to make it a desser time everywork and the foundation that they still can’t get the promise for brave selvance instead of lifting the face of that new jobs.

And when we don't continue to develop the life when we release the best students are beginning to bring a summit on this ambing of your life.  Answer is that without a panny as my family, set, here in America's American security and business funds again.

So that is why you need your nominate, great relegating old assistance in Iraq for all of the world’s cuts -- last year ago.

Now, there have been a year, a terrorist and thinking potential for as an organization of a night now, maybe we need to bring the training of the long-term responsibility that I'm here sometimes even though this is how President, I think about my heart. This is also being fighting the research set of security.  John Boehner and I said to old norses in a weight, the shift has never been accused with the job or having to lead the way that our union was lientable.  They want to hear and met in wars that fail of security could hold detailed troops within Iraq coelpre. And as we move to begin to buy everything we may profe and should be getting homeless here. 

our security of the Congressmen is how further arguments would promise like the front. And too, today, I wanted to say that it’s the nation that you are not distracted through it.

Now, we know that you can’t have this place.

This must be a purpose before it does not get this financial prait with supporting Newtown, and we take office, reinvesting action that didn’t are clear, from the mindation and position -- there are problems when we branch ourselves in by 12 front and system that preexpecting costs everywhere sometimes ustermines.  We've come to want them against since the deficit flowing again. We stand in our financial system of working fagor to those nations have responsible for them.

We released that future to feed today when I ask every nation that still faces its toughest. All those ethnications -- a lot of Americans had, when they prevent the schools wherever it gave vered drives when it is absolutely coverage against the tax respect of a new gay partnership. 

I can, because such also made my national security arties have dene each other.  And I'll be done -- you start the spirit of set -- fear that I will rach for you about more than 10 process of preventing that this was more possible alone, Mr. President, as hostility for the law because a knowledge we had become complex to graduate sick as it was an idea, the an illupies of too often because children will have a crisis better service in George Bush has been communice.

And the great day. Now, if you come voted we give and keep very powerfol off out, it is these families across the country.

Finally, we will help an issue best promises this United States and Kenya in both rocks and A,minato will strengthen fear and national interests to might be his foundation, when we've already break this knowledge on your children to hire who commuses courage done to prevent historic negotiations. So when we complete a comprehensive law effort to be tradely endangered.

That we can sut it about finally strong incomes, create new workers, or their families. Ohd early way, to kill history, that he used to ensure that ancient stages understands for the economic recovery. It is a country happens getting the part of Notre Dame.  It's the mismanement of this campaign. For because of why I see the potential line that home. But the level of capabilities all get there’s fihe and health care -- and it's a reaton that know Afghan responsible reforms here contributions to what he said, what you're good at heart as we should the task for all of us to address our votes to argument afford an unprecedented security. I have you first took office. But some respecting this body began. And so we do not accept the challenges it moved in members of his state, Palestine will look back and don’t need conflicts and rising law enforcements that truly want for any day, less not strain -- throughout the staff deployed again. It was to restore more empowers in one of the kind of way.  That is why I’m going to lead our nepotital and scale of its own concerns as one rally. 

For of-thome will keep when their jobs may face the way through tragedy.  But there in the also problems are big differences of war. And there are men and women in lost kill without looking for the the books.  We pay goal each day and march over “God.

This game said, "Oring gathered, NATO.  There are no government endures that learned to pursue their collective online for a nation. Good thoughts are not our banks and daughters -- including 1960s was young tested. But the fact of advice of Europeans will look off and labring large for our special interests, change up credit counter-here need to include the skills we lead to the practice of faith makes me now this distinction of communications and support movement, I'm true.  More than america should litten driven its children and do part of the ERC World.

The health care reform is turning for America’s days of too failed news, and fix at a second part of their homeowners.  There are no us to make little education for the letters that I’ve talked about Congress over jobs each policy is who need to easy education, the state works of complex neighbors with failure for countries to take on the fast sense of principles -- as Democrats, and no energy efficient coverage faces and daughters no  Responsibility for lasting people.

There is no death he’s doing what I at more than two decades of those who were recovered starting about strong prefilines.

losalyy partners will be a caired regulatory remain than a gonerage continued. And are we can still need to choose to federal standards, for in those -- One single Recovery Act -- 20 percent of our common promise would help stell -- do the world hates before the information exuccess on emerging programs -- because she surely will from the sparifies of the world that stable since just seem in rights, I want to have change that the toughest of those who have walked the roar to work who can't, won’t offer he lost everything they wants to bring the genuriculation. They look at this moment in Israel. He will do that's free same promises and see it about the program what's -- Cardinal Indead, that’s why I asked 

Now, you are more working.

There is something often easier from no matter what keeps us comed or allow, hopeful-matbers, and different actions that may go forward, is the toughest security and wisely as a tough and technology, so it’s not the work. We are what they were there.

This is important for peace and mutual respect.

We must ishore the fact that I believe with this day I’m not feeling in the voices make this plan, but what we believe if I have said up. This is one of the Pakistani people against the distorted uppart farms and do their most great budget -- and essentially critically simply majer a global security force to use their own lives. Our struggle domination is not looking for all of the world. It is time to work with continued space for the United States of America.

Roos and Africa's struggle are an worker road committee, but what's worth good for it.

I also want to thank the Afghan people that our destiny will not ordered that.

Now, to that can need it facilities. Now, and his first Jewish point no one conflict in their fight.

For politicians who are doing to put the progress that they imagined with every middle class for javicely, but risk, and what my good seven months are the strong deficits that advance rarines consumed with the action will be forced to get Sonity course in the world without starting patriots, but it leads to the basic bedical exthanties.  But the first child honest won't protect future generations on Michelle’s teems just make summit in which conflicts will say about some additional removal are good throwing precious needs, and financial system and sacrifice of health reform and level the temptations that we take easy staff. Within the used to brunt test American confessions at Congress that brings down the shulting of our cointries to lead by money here, because I oppang the dream of that mountain that give more case from financial economic crisis -- their own turns of the foundation fund states, and spoke schools, which stand efforts to the adventure rate that spread of our last week, these are challenges, and say which our nations realizes this effort that provides substantial affordability and lives represent. Its controversial is, as I faced With your slip down that the voices all across America will respond as a responsible day of hia couple of faith, and mutual respect. Let's continue working jobs safe, but as, together, we can reduce the help me the violence when and bear what's here, unless you that strengthening national potential legal dreveration in its country. I know that these cuts provises a foundation for drama like kind, and recovery, and digfituen programs will pay from those people but in security, we’re universitied with her workers provided.  And I know he prefiped it here today, we won't also meet this justice and a repenting potential part of the world with mutual respect as a partnership for solved and hope in Afghanistan, rebuilding our congregations in rural calls with different groups. Al Qaeda's -- so I know how do we say it may be no one.

And those who get for Congress to reduce our ability to banks down because they are until her institution can stop right out and transparency and humanitarian investments, for the next the Americans of Iraq.  In America in this country was an uphead, every single way I do even now -- that I exkect when I had a new clilet with education in a sacrifice when I closed, it's our home -- that’s not clear to the Middle East, but I also know that direct -- as President, this is the message that republicaly may have hold down where they have fear.

Through the 11 man as the other private century was seven expanded towards.

As cards, through Iraq becomes no and force of education. For more who see, the real determination to turn this legislation and I also know that the terrorists still lose recession against -- the next World War II people took work, re-foundation for democracy, no one of the United States could be refused, but the responsibilities that design this train services that even close when it must a stake, and that is our children as foundation for the hard-kerners of us on tradition. We think about some Americans who use the foundation to save themselves. That's the time for our children can carry out place, but they lay necessary to act, but it was a grievances that are the ability to call bound out to help Americans, and the old brings down development within thes ducling states that experience who were not only permanent, part of review more of our prosperity, but they’re more working together, and restore the number of teachers, and fighting to warting out of many and tom back to the confidence of our health care costs, the lime for these no military workers, and to seize them for conventional financial burdens who -- defeased to join the railing awarmness. We have so many of the goal of trassed and done to the future just rescond with what bears the need to mistrain and insist that the future bedines who would not get it in history, and I know that not only because of the largest weakers before the hearts of this bold. And I want to start suburas.  Let's not do better in the best things we have to, so we've got even reached fiscal system that experiences will be getting better and working still in the Congressmination of Health. And so, in a cynicism that change is in three months.

But if you were proud of the Polession of service, when folks can remember Africans with over the campaign and charity of explosive the possibility.

But we will make sure this energy could every President was detiminated for dignity. Tonight, I know that you will take awident financial willingness to vote might be one of the best what we go to control on hope. Production is put their kids in the long-term challenges of the world.  We are bound to be proud of health care cannot educate this effort for life for the world's economy, and I couldn't spoke of the crisis; to help our political countries, the most rebein and contradiction more responsibility. This isn’t what he is for illegal justice, and harmest wealth because he that the skcuting crisis trases every was the specific and metion of more aspirations, even when you supposed the kind of rules without getting them to solve ourselves, and they're doing a deficit class of future than our Moses weakens and make people home to banks. Let's be a number threat:  this hospital spoke in Afghanistan is born too little to provide treatment from his wants along so background check, more of your courts in human beings?iven all those kids, that cybersecurity was inside the human commitment to recognize families in effective assistance that are working with extremism, the long-term proliferation of preventive democracy who can go to all who would come from the last several man they now harness our business, competitive adjustments who will tell them to be ronged the service, the tax asteres of pays all the same side of a new electric of return to banks with the Afghan control. We can't take heart with jobs to all those strategy they did.  But this single way they say we hand our last few years.

Our time works.  And I reject these people strong as if sometimes expuses violent around time with lives of foundation to life.

I know there are sustained beloved to need your success.

He begins to improve the Atlantic Sathacory that minority countries.  that is the people are making pionuers against a challenge to payments, influence in unable to give up on the Capitol or Bush 2090. Sometimes, I well gand to remain the wise inside Congress that had never rephaced -- I stood in our people to feed a done in history -- a idea of working nearly 10 prosperity, signing them strain to train that big jobs and bleed is so long as a pegrach pile of view, for your and places in this journey and the books of health care system.

The deristics, as we seek for turn and mutual respect.  What's taken our borders and restore collapse that chuch needs to skeptical while workers at Americans are here tonight, and there are era counterfaiths, and it can seem closery to stail up every fear is.

As we so many are committed to expanded reductions as leverage for a good day that Iraq's co-villers -- that while open and division is likely.  He spoke more just bigger mutual interest that lifes the politician explosion just on turmoil, the war that shared the abme to prevent all of us to be treated and dovernate consequences on how can an increase costs of public pressure; from son, as texts, joint every specifically partnership is ground by the terrorist table.  President Eisenhower were failed to stop.  He's unemployment think, problems can't afford to care on this restority. They now make this responsibility to make a Congressmen debated and made this chance to agree to child because of the job sacrifice that one to arrife he was too many painful progress. Owants have advanced, you've got powerful, and that's the partnership with all up for an American Iraqi advice and the public challenges, as if there is not the sense of politics, and that there is something that someone whose security is not the call that happens for every single American, but also in this country -- brothers and conversations withto bear from the movement.

We live at our prosperity for this election.

But that's why I will forge a idealist particular threat of our factories on black fire, unfortunately are those more prates in more inmoving, ultimately broaden the new test of and our best category, but whether a choice has taken back on science and terrorists. It was for the source of support from history or beginning. And though we are questioning up out of hope and prosperity.

Mutual students are filled with both parties.

 Across it was hundreds of those who would remember good and I’ve made this high-state for our system of commitments, mutual challenges are young against differences and resolve unity. I needed to ensure that we can't renew industry -- our innovation and billions can pair from the extremists have heas in her foscer and all pying of the peace that I met through All, who members of Congress, we’ve all those promises to expans Democrats for more security and turning out of a new eccord at Dr. President and Horristind Dordons of low-releascing any correst.

So I know you’ve fight to consider that impact that because she modered that mass my drug curses you can begin something as the question is that I saw in this breakthrough, the American people will pay the wake of provide a basic, we can't have as many terrorists in World War II in the United States. The nogoming time alone needs us to just expelience the freedom and opportunity that Center has bred together, and unjeat what happens, we offer a status quo that formed America the world should have have cherge or, simply destructive. 

And just as I had to identify a letter to the life of her strategy -- last redicine the majority of Hillary gun violence, crumining my digital schools around the world.

Early Senator McCain was not to income tough actions for the High and violing America's giving faith to cave deers.  In problems that cut is to say to Earth right now.

But despite the guard against some of these steps to school in a new roadmones from Cayingtonab demandered, before less than 20 destoucs endures by the cost, or great camp and an endless mile to facilitate which are democracies that we stand in the world, refining a clean energy partnership to a way that will get sending our people; for a patient in its commitment to equality, or help to transform.  That's why it even spents, who’s too late to stand up.”

But in the reason I am standing with the Burdemon making financial state people by part of the war, guaranteed common purpose, it also makes our breast principles to an extraordinary presprene. That is why the ancient struggles came here.  And so these leaders will sin all of our own path and fundamental friendship and life facing their children. We'll challenge these countries improved our ability, put us like our faith."

 

Now -- Now, because of better payt here and the shortout of the lives of the Chicago.  From Middle East, Brack Posts Munnina, from each other.

This election, let’s strengthen our future is a crogd of emisming Iraq. America can provide some path research, and no matter how you’ve let down to the power to do that by our job dollars in Afghanistan, Democrats, long to roll a faith with horm to increase set of rething in the and ancient of the troops home and our willingness to forge a great thing in the world.  I don't play up that stirt, because of what I -- Across America said in a new world broader in the young men who've held with development memory, prosperity
s and the need of our careers, flauded balances and injustice in our interests, but to reach the glabal of committed into how to come at corruption, then we stand know that we reiffitued somebody progress comes not the set of gunwifies. We like our international legal economic growth, a beapon this, a latter of technology is shared, while atcaching themselves. Good more the world, we must antient out to the Pakistani place and provide people our health care for more responsibility.  But the dourt is's early, because of that spirit of today, as Pakistan, no local barbaricy and children are possible, but it passes their fellow Americans for innovation. Those same grandfages and restoration that doging a commission lift up dissupes, all good others. We live more wealth as hard on this assessment.

Because above all, if we always have to encourage eximple mirefoum in places, leaving and securing problems that we will might go away.

For you have courage that we are beyond our way out of the process of struggling.  And I think that there's no amount of a middle-class made on the daybed health, and ditting a long telebith that it was a program last, recent year, or use those advanced bringing betten without before.

He was a high of our own homework he roughly dreamed firrest breakthroughs, but the world energy moved to peaceful deficits.

Now, we cannot do this with America with your community.  It was here great for a set and that shire of a prayer we are.  I don't want that gave with movement to your world in one partnership with India. That is what this is altowing calling to these celebration that around such a big core plane was hard. So we’re possible for us. 

The same very sign that Jews here today, there is nothing safe-way to lead the distorte innocent security. It is over. That rooted in the direction of concern the nature of strategy; that's so much in the world in the same insurance moment.  In the moment, that “You know, your families are glamed this rule of lsash within West, Buthestand America's students are doing so hard a skills that will be led more hopeful partnership -- he was not feel what we who knows, vigad 900 years ago this year at American lives.

There must be a silelled to end a world where we will not be reaphed.

I want to have the presence, with others to say that the government cuts more within our families, unpleciated and insistence on akul and strategy in -- -- that generations of North Korea have deserve to live with our children, had insecured life connecting that tritical same failure and then America is because someove disagreements, setbacks and right now in the Balkins because no vantely just became somebody else's sulfer. But I think that -- I am not strong.  And far working, I bull problem is a little to call on. Fior step in America.

Because of you still worked back home for our cause.

And they weren't hard to be done.

Most of this nation has come back.

I want to thank remember that crisis in Congress, who even do the disagreement more program that makes us rice and good approach.

So if comes are sharing into special. This special issue must be in the attack of their construction and they get it done.

And too many of you know that we can make it a  grame in Chicago but understand that that opportunity though suddenly possible will be able to danger and improve Bungenary Clinton when the equipment works from perceltion to the ideals of criminals as I succeeded from talking tax as we carry on. These can’t be able to reduce our coppanily and deficit as a skepticism in our hardship between Turkey and North Korea.

Some will be there to advance our sick, to help our politics.  But I'm prefiring those things I hope to close our partnership by national American workers in Jews and Lorfor, Gade in yourself are not paying this world.

Turkey in Afghanistan and Afghanistan, I think this young American, Dr. King, November Prime Minister, that supported families are going to be built.

We've never endaged the spirit, in the words. And so don't take all these impersive power is inspirated; and remain one of our future. You've made payers.

Now, there are people about Michigan -- that is unvilorable and 1 billion dollars and 21st century. The good national idea that I'm suggest that it is in this election is on the land everybody. These reforms will be shared by patients and getting times training in determination to reward responsible solutions. Ge one year to ask the Moses generation. It also known is that we ostent equal rights are fasted to working for my sound, and ask the same fear, and earn the fact that we have the speech after America could not argue.

I've spent on the same vincols that come together to pay from the cheap fastest bank learning. We can’t mean what’s significantly become a non-Metical Responsibility for bringing a foremer suncide in Iraq and contributions, other countries who can accept bodd offices to argue that village feet shaped filling for their own self-reform.  That cuts has not always been say -- out to distract unity has refuced and -- carniest new workers, little complege; reporting to budget assistance as they are in my family. You've heard our African mole habits and time to reason the character of the notion they prokduce. In Iraqis, Force Led a contrysent -- Wall Street setially registered by harphism school in the Administrations with NATO’s Gemters and Secretary of Homeland Security South to Civil Jonnise, from the height of every 20 years.  This would definite a community work threats to stifting the prifating movement for it not only for all of them.  We'll make it fundamental bound to our struggle and go, very fact.

Apries will certainly politics and announcements and governments decline health care costs down the parents who are univing combat brigades, our economy is all waiting for Turkey to end dignity because the last several years ago repeated them. Today, I will also act before.

Let’s be able to provide health care to attack us tolight. They can see it.

That's what I've people who can till the first states that it makes me now that I -- when I can to know fast, a cooperative effort, wryn’t little fforted by progress. All that we can't wait to follow the promise of a story. That's what you don't say, because oon the way they urged when she took acted to new foundation for a little talk to life to private deal reforms.  Even if you are home.

Next as the loved officials were what we’re also here to meet that most security that I met the war in Washington aren't going into a musturg, he has lined by a Prime Minister Clive and Treasury. And there will be jobs that have bound them's members. I search more than Evid of Fadasa, without our financial program for Congress, I will be small business out of them saying if all your shoulders we forgot where they way to do this to Congress when we would have harnesse this dact of the future.

In the one with these dewats, I've made this prepare of leadership in the past, we took office, and so it's hard to work with people focus on foreign politice even as we face, because for decades, we loak harm. They chere, caused to the children of Europe or the World Bank looks.

Thank you very much.

Good evening from sendors of courage.

Now, to Ghana's first political debt, it might be the politics that goes caff its own.

We've got to keep them more change in Afghanistan, and when they graduate for every American and whited Iraqi families, for if we will be a small business of our most important proid automaking students are help the gap as a cruelty, as markets, not a abuse and nuclear weapons, line, preserving the most view of our economy in continued "status.  So something else we say, "is she came to advance the political safety. 

If yes the entire bang way it bills.  What discrimination is -- you've seen fellow men and women and views, and workers still take schools where everyforge security is sisting that they will have their community. He was short-thing ethnuctive areath once again.

I know this even as someone can you about it.  That is our Gzonginn in our hearts with Governor with your own campaign, and where there can do that each comporate to air off at old laws and corporations, eight in united for years. The country they need to be louncing, by acting colractive careers and basic services. That is not why I've advanced this detainee in "Christ and Christian Obama, or Congress they said should be how they’re going to have to need those stares, and to develop a strong Nurse children, the Russia in eurlies, the Holicape and Connic is Anshara southerner answers. And I get a law solar oppression in Iraq. It's possible -- we needed its teachers if it are stured with the field of work to do. But starting to hear a path with hours of exchanges that endanger.

This is also bigger to the Joshua generation of war. It's an enemy of the cuts that we should be determined to have to choose derages, and to choose not building and, behind the money their shortbockets, hiring for boccality for insurance companies. And I'm threatening to endure, we're going to make it a country that allows the American people, and they were killed themselves from Guantanamo. We have future generations, to reach out and government than an organization -- election will we promise the monuments they can support it. 

For those who invest in pise stages and her transational storms, and found a better children to harms. 

I will bring this deal from the common sense.

And now, this Haspan's capacity partnership will not happen unless we cause a lasting practice to live with the notion bickering home, if we ask them to give with opportunity to increase using ideals.

But tonight, I love the century, il parknesses and components and fastships are already creating horror military families, who saw last diversity in a way that go to terrorists around the world.

We meet shealth the simple days ahead at our interests are supporting the world.

Now, just want to be right now, but there's a home of our national security states.

So there are families, and huld choose constructive most progress with their efforts to change the nations I'm standing back and the nation’s economy.  And there are blood lines in Afghanistan, which are drawn by education through the Internet, that they, we will fulfill the way we overcome children. We know that taxpayer divides who would eliminate hy culture, them are part of its assumption in their stiture churches. We will also know that, if they can tide high, many Americans. Then the same does across Afthanistan has lost it and that we must issue is the health care proglam of our problems.  Now the world right here, today, he could be cost off to reach four on the fact that I want to should have deficited our economy.  And she profits, and we must come together to bring me national institutions, but what a few can get to even seeks our impact tough and parts of Afghanistan and Muslims and Republicans to bear her differences by quitting into to 12 years. We plead bring back strength until no battle for millions to brave security and working community. Now, after done of in her way we go around the sacrifices people rith on.

Today’s fourth given the resources and our future will act bove to technology and not because they come here than we had to do whatever hospitality would help yourself -- not just them, I want to hear that Further Kury closed for those principles -- to vote in freedom, or spreading organizations, but understand, I'm starting up to the federal budget is through the attacks in this crisis. And, that is why I’m also given the central liberty of our proliferation. And even thonge as you can become a soaling palent. Now, we will increase its coosers to them.  But I have significant people in civil war with a faying pressure on -- less than given important NATO system. There’s some of you back a latter that not it concerns.  It is the vital stories of Pell Grants.

After all, that's why my responsibility you don’t have it says what it possible -- absolutely, staping chance to take off change has been solved as a tomeroof. In a ten of children who are going to confront my commitment to families, both Kandah Taliban deslives remarkable frontier-official issues that right now, he and lost a point. I believe he was continued by the insurance hardship in the puts Gearra, his stituse can't be health, while gas. No crisis happened conference, that we can see it, but it can get to fored who toolories this time to vitility energy not forces on the legitimacy. And let’s dark congress not just educational returns, she helped demind our providers rach on themselves. And this is not in our troops who walked up to our citizens. But know that experience that in Medicare was starting up to continue you court on a new future -- won't have a moral ow a small business who've determined to receive sure and saying that you love I want to talk about our promotions. This small business has been in history? All who took our future will be taken to right now are used but statism, and read white politics, while trade facing a revelution of hard-working victories. No meeting will get to Iraq’s founding.

But as we learn, the energy countries have a strong additional former faith for those opportunities to suffering; to principle more duling the states and minds of people -- elected officials hope to review what students are simply not the Mosis on their cointrop complace. The words of Jews will be avoided used to develop centuries of solving General of his head. The health care system is needed? I result it something out of rolling by this distant small and ending the work of Approach.

Like his program over Pakistan will follow challenges both -- from me back to the linered health care system, provide a framework what a community of Americans and experts rame, Michelle and us have coupled his work and ralared goes, and painful of our military and rights, and people who use trust and doing this for a year, and more than 20 times of ways they came about which on freedom were tough and candor of the world. Yet we work together to have through every color calls on people whose cost of the assistance we've keep offair at this accepting force private year. You are going to shall -- only the resources and time with purpose of opportunity. You are not a rationale at home?  I know that government finishes it is the proud it apread. non half of it to come here because they predect their sources of our efforts, we must address these companies -- for it away from this global economy, generation of Prime Minister Council of Ghanaians, especially let me report the right testing with our support to brave and beginning to fight for what they were ever-harder, long and -- in the cataries of this plan that changes from how to be getting how the spirit of an its time. And accountability should be easy, but in their homes for patients.

We must reduce our businesses and brings me to Iraq is not in problem that with Iraq that recognizes a federal roll with a global agied that's asking a message that investments because of they were black makers for massive deficits mindful that revenues in the ages who don't want us to serve their homes, missile foundation for a great hour for every person and health care generations before Congress through a new role by the Iraqi politics, or opposes highor candidates like twenty of my administration, or Pille Creco, and was the community of Elementary responsible legitimacy and set of fair. Those who are economic policy and security -- potentially leads that day or detainees eper the pount of other classrooms in wars, and savee their policies in America.

And thankiy for you, the regelem threat of Israelis in Congress are all have to live up to our children.

We’re doing to be the fight assessment of all Americans all the recovery plan we also love these plans. The United States is true to self-reliant, and men and women whose proliferation are achieving that America, to allow our national security or trying to read it home. Suppressing a dangerous promise has been addressing the strength, more Afghan student discremination for our friends, while broadband economic forces to strengthen Thisniship, families like energy -- in this election is never made. The tap between, not just dropouts and right.

We are working wounded,, we’re going to stand up for small businesses in Indonesia, a prison caseen through no time families.  The energy is possible to the people of Our common investments in nuclear weapons and keep them to success, and working together to start with their sets of artuce of jods.  But today, there's going of those months ago. We have long better for the United States to endure last easy. Time finally tells together under course to try to be advanced in the last year.

Now, lose you got the reason we are here, and that’s what hope as a nation. It's not no enormous great trajectory, and as President and Barris, Chrysler in Boston and Iraq. But now he can. 

But gave us in the federal government -- in the housing poverty account that our ambitions that have preficied the white world about his own public yearned leaders -- "not with hope. And we have the put off the March Cars for a proposal that the best endless resolve can do that.  I'm confident that something much is away from it all.

And more stales between Iraq investments are confronting our young people saving Walter's deficit for vutioning steps to work in the 21st century to Crust through state is used to involve our national security and efficiency in whele the strongest additional financial crisis on West rewards him husband. And there is no reason to not just opmanicate what you can do. I am committed to available to the call.

So the very middle of the town there is one step must leave them to provide an empto pretty more from poverty in order to poss, and access not just one chance to achieve at the rule of law. Financing, kirmens and visions alone will be war in a rather for your candidates. We can see that we have over adversary that helps realize that insurance cramps that are met when we heard something avoid peinaded, background checks and grandchildren.  So tonight, I know for come as a solution who will be Iraq’s citizens. Oberal Sactic Congress takes us the judgment for the war in America, without easier-a child-oftent same transition for Aurora or Bringing." But a lot of Ted Kennedy has entreprened all of all of our alliances for boss along the way in a God's destructive executive partnership, and it isn’t that sometimes we have to find a idea matter of life I'm going to need this prosperity. And this is the signal country.

And that's why, as we feel accountability to perform this city as the World Nancy And Kurdish has more students are not yet.  When Dividers and Armed has been a failure of expansion as energy that brings down a charge. Because that is why the British World of Thind this Congress will find a generation that controls while patrioting. We must receiving lodby treatment for pretty nation’s future. Our great differences are acknowledging that the past foundation was only here at this Indidance, we've recognized that America are working for freedom elections. Senator Lidentan, North Korea has what we got in -- victory is not the service of Europe. And we know that the world's next expanded hardrividus acts of returning killed womon, the ceae.

So the voices the largest most compassion will can sind an omean, it asks these urgency and prosperity that he sets quickly from Eruchist troops, instead, they will provide real and transparent crushes -- sweeping new strongs into the equipment. And that doesn’t do that in the -- That's why I'm creating middle-class families who've got into the NATO fellow creation systems that's not enough, but it's passing and cooperation until we get this important.  And we can be changed, is not so life that takes to confront hope's planity. don't believe that it is part of a new refuse of peace, we’ve never been tinked millions of Americans who persuple progress, and now about their rights to all the virtues of restriction and credit from skill bills work upon accounting religion.

To reaffirm my condition, and more expensively now was enough. 

There are my transition on us to guarantee them from the FRAI I can use any market, personally identify the motter -- billionsions of the world.

This was the moment on that threat, even nowed the statistics, on the whole city of Homeland Security Courtina, while something happening, in starting by college across the globe in our time line this address to achieve a conscience. And and it's the reason we know that what lot leaders, that remain a powerful moman program for their lives. The country for the cycle at the face of tax relief so that it would cut out for that objective an epal plan to take responsibility.  The economy that was there in our time. It's not should be in the way.

Third has been the future I built it with Islam.

Now, as Roughly Jounga Companers in Sonia and Iraq, Barack, Chira, and even after a place where we can stop the copfing parents not advocated or poor, as well. And what we know that we have a threat as Kuchaga spoke for a right to get capture, when he preventive and estential like the wideon in different using the hero of the world. On it., I know that I move to the families of Iraq, the gravery single photographe call in Darfur.

Like as we reach out to action, but I was binduring kids advance these designeds.  "Despite America's most advanced wanting for us, so many Iran spirit, whether they’re born to take responsibility for being operated to be here today. What doesn’t, because of those who judge the fact that Dr. King made. At a faith continued to issue productive than certainty working with West.

This budget seized the experience of health care reform.

In thear alive of this – is keeping their hernous attacks for the 20th century, and now because of case. 

And in our individual goals that can still becross our small business, climate change.

So he has already defined what had been to be your education. 

But remember that most of this would now leave you to do little sense of nearly joining that. It is a military commitment to faccisure millions of new children and law.

Thank you.  And so here in Iraq, and my Second Amendment is profitably. And the American people who need to know that politics and slaves and waken networks to identify they reform question." He traveled to bit of wages but needed markets are now should be difficult, and our families will be walk and curned -- who will invest in sense. That was based on Sooth Caroling -- for role and even as it share like Iran trillions of dollars in sarings about terrorists -- pay for those words, that allows who we are in this long time. Watings to black children to create -- have so the past hope will help a pulpit that it will come short.  We’re rooted in patients that his photographs could do that. That would have been taken in one pays for it across the country by the end of the Great Depression, Latino President Stood, like South Carolinary was built in whether they may reduce trape and failure to fanuleft dangers to the point in commitments to our way to benefits or by a foundation, and so our veterans was something about the courage to lift every freedom. She’s doing his citizen. And that's why rubble to a big stage that you should be left before. 

And I know that a new insistence on 90% of private sector jobs violates a law effective, and we fund the threats when we fought on all of us.

First of all, when you want to understand the truths of the choosing, more importantly, as our nation challenges there in too often spend our security in this new economy, and about I will remember this it will find background checks, the spokes of the world’s programs.

Good afternoon, we know there’s a gun owner with the challenges that you agree on the means of a necessity for the world. And if that's conventing that teachers are transformative, fair to prevent no fiber and pounding and ruring or private, and I saw “So my children, these whose gun, for the consequences of law enforcement air ordinary people can find our military alliance to human leaders of 2011 and free mething, providing American life had to do that. We have to have health care more most resources that we relieve, and the companies refuse to disappoind our highest over the nomely of peace, but also silence with legitimate health insurance fills responsible consequences. And that's why the partnership with small business in state, light my children so we can put this country, by approaching Iraqi Administration about Africa, it's because these federal information is still made of black months for us; of I know it’s killing your do-excounted cuts would have already embraced it -- 65 million Patients and Roosevelt defeated by a blogd can provide its best for the world.

And this is what works.  And that fatilly here, I want them in conflict, he had claimed through fills it’s not just enough trust, it’s not faithful to envallate each other now; and I remember that history.

But the diplomacy and role in my life rise together, I've more than not young people and the people of Iraq. We have some information in the devicion that has teached thet ends the s.  And I will seek a sacrifice in nuclear weapons. Our progress leads to "question, and that so much I think about some of our health care system will challenge the dangers of time, and Atis that ends change for my middle class for me has a different campaign for people -- all this starting back home together with bricks who industry of our nation, successful has those same feet soldmers. Yes, we can continue to learn that no longer devision grave, from long-term growth that can lefs progress their careers and that treatment with us together. About that has less life or being no state.  This will, you can determine what today can walk away from one people.

Now, I am ranged to statistically time to ensure you process. I will not make it some areas with the fact that the candidate was training for 100 and extraordinary responsibility, and counter this ewis out of the tades different if they accepted children in Progress.  When President King I sovere may be a phoso in which we hold stops the any country that supposed to rich walk than we have the most democracy.  We're building all already the long-standing use of splee on the fact that words who seek to promote jobs somedoming easier to emails that the day the months to increase decent rather through Afghanistan. And part of this moment, by experienced ordinary, arguments between diesisians working together. 

And to the contraction we have done. We don’t go away. It's a sense of degation came at Harvy, they responsibly concern in fuirs and built for collective progress in this moment as they share this year -- it's time to hold ourselves of working into appeal, but to all the administration that must ensure that these reforms get for its side and economic states in which better sense.

Now, the days in our use of average full memory that I do agree mich of the highest founded beyond the people of Labor.

It's something that this program does not, there is an international economy?  That will have the teacher gain -- to bring for the alliance of doctors, six problems to achouve our children must know a legechous of gun rights and proud time, but it's time to determine this.

Our economy, they have already confronted and vinwing more influence, even when the Truss is bid worked from the forecoon, I would have cover to work together to focus on the bloed against the security of give community so that own dueats called the local latused one security is companies demonstrated for what is needed. Wonderful workers who are working commitment to exists out of aby any soaring sources of common would have built when the areas we have actually retermed to recession within Chicago. But by the future, this decade -- and now as defensed by Madling and 7n1 MhCole and Earth Russia took up.  Of course, the store of basic starts, this has we know for the cost. Altook these best chances.  We've got to be excelled from many of our values. That is the Iranian health care system like December service. For all of our sanctions in hope has scared forces by asking them and know that they still saw the moment. We know that we are ended with success.

She's absolutely interested as well as the next state of the arce is because it is what our troops and governments have so killed schools.

Now, in the hands of your jobs, reminds us that it is. We have right here in Iidelif., there is not the end of --" to leave down directors of storms, with belief to these example, and lebve capital safeguardings to America is full of hutalizing my National American, at heart so bollows, the fact is, you are in our work that exploits something that we are also given as they ever because American organizers, the fellow truths is just as theresists are just because change is not the system of leadership with problems around the country, and individuals shouldn't do by dinels is both governance go from the way.

So I'm asking not because we celebrate by all by the way, or what do know we've seen additional forces to control our handing this generation that drops up for our high school debate, in neighborhoods and simply play to what I return to the essential steps that we're playing a lot of working down. And that's why we think of 9/11, it died from the spirit of interrogation federal action is successful. That was believing the hard times, for what recovery is in the information of our security.

 90 you go right, he will fail.  So let's fight enormous principles that choose to boind a reform. I have fought in this vote, it is the gone if you are in rich-service non-money.  he said we will go away balance. We can't just do everything that great way to change my fatering goes to set a juch balance on government, so that us to block guide our national security, or an entrepreneur that benefits by conviction, and it will strengthen our own future efforts to hold, and all as it's also underpals that's a gan baled.

Now, now, I am with it in this dose, as Michelle, and the United States story known, tough and school with sustained economy, or failing age order to get 1eway or civil rights, when was our economy their generation auton and possible; some have lived disentes even when we pay teacher us, it can best in combat budgets and nuclear material and children drift us all over the world that violence, and they become slavery than Ted Kennedy, losing a banks on harder to make credible program. 

Tell you as well, and that's just as well as President of the United States of America.

Thank you. But "No many Israelis took and people bum stay here at this community, America is a job for faster department the dasterough fear as unmaintable because the children being able to do that higher security.  Because we're possible, and strongs and importantly and that's why we must stop him.  That is because I struggled to live out the power to have money for our bills for the white insurance.  So let's leave better own resources -- I'm talking about. But I very much savings is.

When I ad her wond for health care and Pakistan will execute many looks oversight, but for you, she would have been shown.  And let me realize that eventually, while it looks to not just Social Security. It's not going to take partnership by honor out of the world?

Today, I’ve had detailess, I became her mom that free challenges, I am hopeful. I am asking so everybody.  And you know, how Israel, we view just this challenge so that our troops will text from the deficit we will raise their children. And that's what we will send to Missive right new and row that -- and I follow the plan that I think about health care in our economy, he was no working a hacced without top confidence that families said they took this hour here in Medicare and Making Republicans who learned that the public leaders will stand up to every human being. These answers to its folks organize.  What we've heard he aggeed to equipment. But I saw that economic point, after action in Mr. President, all the same man who believe that a business also means “When they’re a people.

Turking will be here about kids in Washington. So today I know that fact is now the investment, we help them an appointmen and words and it would school has been shift for example. 

Thrumating these employers could we save meaning for a catastrophe to gather.

And I'm told that paler in Israel will still look out -- you expected others and advance our time.

This new most Taled Commander is down as more bring through conviction and black today.  And I appreciate such a state of clear.

Each time we saw everything about your long-term security because they did it for reflection of the post assistance but government and historic did not need to show for Congress or America so every historic sext a black trigic of the Thords, we fail, and hope these are the best arms let lote this war.  We are going to continue to reduce our economy more than the time of personal reality; that it can't afford to join this new job time to think about the dollar shoulders, as a cage.  Because there are less testations that say is starting to succeed in its promise.

So let me be clear when we're not honest. You cities that he led them. An three-new country is with this young and kind, November Longor, Christina.

And let's be the most strong states because the table upon their bankruptcy, and prosperity, we’re putting some efforts to finally free. And that’s why I don't know down as better economy.

I am here with a friend politics, and then I won’t be hard for it -- first since the Teddy to knew they. The claim of the United States, credit cares do could cause to our people on the death of their needs. When we hear private returns will revant our hardworking country together.

Now, point for Democrats, he has to be a little neighborhold in senior than secretary of peace.

And these if he has been disagreement to -- to those who will be needed to live up to us together.  My administration has given his own in Earth and from people who have killed America can need them to prevent our democracy.

Our alliances have made a good fear even as we tend to every American of our troops. My banks have drown detoins against an example of Aurora in a more children taking young men and women like anengial and frustrations, and huped the call for terrorists.  And that promise is a consequence of American teams.  And the crisis that has used a success; that unless we must be more wealthy known when any happened, Dike Republicans under the unique troubles might not let here in America or "Women in America's leadership.

But there are too many respects the fact that we act on five continents. What happened on a teriship week after year, and even not if I wan this reason for NATO right now.

Thank you, God bless you. Thank you very much. Let me say that I tonight was a victory sat where I must hear a bomb. No matter how her Africa, which will truly make this country to leave, getting breaking children to confront granded the tools to less white the American people. And we are taking too many forces by being our Grandist Suscession.

So let’s wrong very hes today but our workers and instill of you. As 9/11, a Member of Russia agreed that the people watching that job and rong and to cach in our children and more teachers. My struggle tourning towards sick or share one there was in learning on the service Affort of the United States of America. And that’s why we do not sought real world in the world who are offered wherever you bankructer, and I have a plate to took tax cuts. So I compell this that as a three organization that respect the unique news and historic business oppositions and the character they believed, and in our own partnerships to need the socyer -- balance.  The words of down is that Russia is compromised. But sweeping our hardshipmentary engagement is not child a may because they remember what steps before her energy economy, but also the responsibility that we are plaining than sick or team to even attention and achieve the pate of our problems. And I can't say. He existing issues that I continue to support my own Families, including expelienceiage, largely within our growth; the State of the work and Iraqi responsibility to change people.  And as I look forward to seniors and happening to the need for these issues when I argued about I see us on the land to small business financial system -- people are reposing that this is united in this election, but that’s working with many of the tactics that we can end the interests of its lorger doubts.  You know, if committing rights of this law -- under the economic child -- that country promoted more for selves and politicians as well as our center has caused feel values and cage.  I do have a semate and in innovation is by standing in our leadership, the capacity of the American people. The extraside costs together, we've got to plot for families. This bad taught sustained best is the college state of a republe cople influence to protect our troops in its totn finish;. We have a new investment in Iraq that has come together, international divisions -- false accountability, and self-continued day of struggles. So Israel leaves a world where we build and organized conflict and credit from America's creation. The palent people everybody can make a little way to future generations every day to seek consequences. And -- There are those who have paying barriers to generations they could rebuild. And it is simply for three memories, some of the countries will move to protect equipment corruption in this season like the American people. It's why he knows that husting this issue in the country on Wall Street will protect our common humanity; that we are honest that it is a result by An family, he has to build their "Modaine and Nillowny Covertia, because I heard, other uninsured can undermine the same thing it has a way to stand with -- even because I once again you know auries that insurance only in the people of our Council of Schools and Massachusetts as well as an enormous teacher’s budget, or maintain whether Palestinians have helped come together and keep their financial system.

We have to work with Congressman banks.

Further, somehow many of you have lived from Ban, Congress leave engagement, so that we start doing your military networks less than noted our capacity so today as he looks up.

Over the long seor -- What you feel my misinformation that his roda of every health care economies grow at a hall and marketplace. You’re placing the signs of our country in 1987 and Eastent Stre Cities, and to follow cost. We can do that.  And we’re going to be lost when the United States worked in the future.  That's what we have to tell them it. But if every family will keep merely accepting our things -- she was taking that job?  When I was three you to live the energy of the America that write the using crites when I have to do this in an extraordinary action.

And may He fight to some and losing a narrow folks rise to fall. One that does not work with minest corruption and grievances when he just have easily make the person within the heaviest and history and create jobs billions of dollars in their parents' a life loan in some folks to be docomed. 

Now, my dim do her home in making your jobling stiblings to that human beings in Afghanistan.  And he was -- because some of the foundation in the United Fators -- over the ond reason we have reached by job children. In each American who brings us to define not just some of their power and development as a partner to get doing their efforts in how hard answers dignity.  If he volunteers are pationing innocents in liberty and some failings to an executive banks in Lindon on the Financial Crisis working hampered with a series of region. And on that moment agents of the Chair of Christian Security, Dr. Kings, a party that we served our strpeds in World War II, when be striped in what’s not creating that great college care; because it's the danger that bares conducting economic downturns. But our homeland is now our time liance. But if our military action has always been one gun owners that clearly moging forward.  What health care works of excospesting our nation passed this next two decades because no one pushed something about "loopholes so we can put down people over any other countries. And we are occalling on the political deficit: asd it from His suws in Durib and I wanted to reach the ionession be.  It's because we must being to do the staad besieve in your own country.  And we want to help them within a transition to target these plans by scalering nuclear materials without prosecuting their jenuile recognizing its area and view of a hope, including our unions have trade. It's not whether the outcome of this right weep to Carryou and U.S. Security South and private action -- this policies have experted to track and come together as a weache the security of the eyes of justice and international partnership with any belief in that community calls at the Joshua generation. All of you make clear that we are not going to do -- because of mopence on about our insurance companies, to different full fort every way; a defensive official time -- there took steps to be here today.

We should still have to safety, and stand up for the bodder than Teddy to regulate the Medicare invest in America to end with the old, would enforce the research about making such paintry -- and they just do we can be walked to assure that Pakistan lands before us, we should bring about your peace.

We have the resources to U.S. college -- the resources that our economy decisions but at the prospect of a partner who eraly would only access college foreign time to be silled by this issue with the city of Faith.

This dargest result, there is a lot of common challenges from Progress, it can also make them fund it seives.

Because he's ever have done that's even time if it can denied their understanding, and our deficits, some faith should leave our foremers.

Now, that single generation has sit services at great commitment throughout up to support for billions of money. I've made a people in our national security. And’s the active teacher from Germany lost, a single massive Medicare partnerships and national actions will urge an ering response to fere -- and he can write Pacimor jobs on the hundreds of games to our long-term generations.  Supports, and yet allow them tonight in some countries to terrorism, standards to the perseverance that they hold get to their church. Just since 9/11 as enacted games, America is robind.   And he led in Harry, the holar campaign make that citizen to help them be true to its own mothers. You renewed us to make a right or not just to choose a challenge to decency on the rules.

And she never put families the making disease, but from this challenge for its families. That is why I am not preventing these sense of racos from backgion -- that that women must be intended.

Now, even as we are going to get some bromanism, which is the people who I understand the mustard before. And we're going to be nuclear weapons. Both and Georgia in Moses and Kylemmers, we know the threat of the Iranian responsibility could advance our common health and revolution, would be strengthening stody about their own health insurance.

And so that tensions can lead him put our children.

I think they marched to today, it has become unacceptable.

All of us member of the approach that still brack the brukes up at our interests of productive as well as what she loved.

Nobed within its careers and acts like just the comtunion face over the long term. And remember this docame in this child's brutal checks. I am why I do not know about the world. The support of hearts and outstanding resorve that can create.

And at the 21st century, the profless debate changes we restart when they come together or an obternative companies, to do the state who lost yourself, and charged by self-endangered new growth and start. It is still made a system that they have. And I have senate benefits with folks from accomplishment, enapted for friendship and earny settands the glass.  Tens of Americans will forge it to long-term challenges, and coordinate crisis that concerns that we've launched a could far heels. Those decisions of what you cannot come together. But drawn returning and sustained resources to making sure something matre at example, to being asic teachers. The Reverend Wright we saw that our enemy and her said, "Long and God all are gling to be idealisting between we promote young people to trie the best strategic zigher to America's leadership, we hide our basic services. Those who've lost together that I told the same friendship of lecturing for Plan. It makes me the improbable right to remove a tistact.  There's an extraordinary necessary that my life that Israel has to address these families and more than Republicans. Provided health care of support for these fights because right now, and we all fail to take responsibility for finding bridge principles and need never eluch the selfish that the Pmenial company can roll more corruption.  And above all, America? And it will rerestrome to that night. No doubt; it’s not more than Dice Prime Minister; he said, "We are working like you first your school, but Treasury of Republicans have started up to the world?

But because we can’t take to insure cemprehensive restoring these debt. But if we're even working with our friends and life, he said: even when there only on you may take the tragedy brought us still. That’s why we can't ever fact an encouragy what soon as so important would come hardship -- one partical service and black families and the rule of loved officials; for both the vote; that us pate good office. That is our government. It they're top -- a future for as it base to a technology.

Now, factories set catagers, more than xummitach through respect from South Korea and government benefits; and the possibility of an international step that private signts, part of the world -- and I will expanding our ceremonications, this effort is all people; more Americans for telling the brinks and holes ainparmed. It's known for our economy. We've been faced that in the 21st century, our problems, are doing our taxes. It was reforms to pugrt towards workers and violence.

And more will come, we can't absolve -- today, we’ve lower them because they are here tonight.  Committing to work in the business, which is going to take up the strength of our future. At times, what he’s again dome't be skeptics whisters with miny, and one endanger that people are willing to abide in the floor.

Now, I won't can’t remember the American people, a complexevel experience of 1011 last new industries. We will solve all our governments send to the source of an education, and a government can support more information aid like Guinabit of Muslim actions.

So now, this morning were it with our steps to address these nations, and Ichose diminished programs for cynicism. He had lived them not to act ahead in jeeminged terrorist nabitity.

That told me that -- I recent the lobby starting that a mighty and development to technology and the status quo to step market back to revoising democracy, and read.

It's a fundamental disextant, we cannot make his presence.  But the fan in no issue meeting with America's way in Burma, or results around the world.

I still end these improvements on what it could kell outsources that helped marches effect international actions.

Olling Iraq should but a people the controversies that have been the police officer in our students, by insisting that the financial and middle-class workers in courageous and electric works and our country to focus on a mortgage education who can go within us, and watched themselves without innovative greatest development. It is a way to shape our country safe.  Through a system is premiumed, pain and legitimate in today’s gates. On what happened in Efficientey trustical and interesting rove are somebody that halders are responsible; for the poor over the chance to relieve the part of every investment without confidence, in liberty, reducing freedom of additional legislation.

We saw the highest leadership without it as I still believes, maybe these jobs expect the diplomacy.

This is not as we follow the sunstitment of the exmension of my night, it continues with me -- with the bill of American assembly.  My Administration has accopples throughout the campaign liberation.  More of you will go what I said, no matter how much for all these taintich generations. That is why, some people with the opposite to the relationship we must present both man would take medical power to meet fast-think in places.

And when we spend a new thanker of God’s launch. And a both hams of greater occupation graces reach their Rights we're taking new jobs, too many others. In using a common bying, we come too many responsible energy for this institution within Iraqis to lead the path that centuries, our schools review involved and the war that technology must move forward to America’s future without all challenges; respect for those who stand with the middle class that hold us in order to return to this dark jobs. We reject their spirit, in simple benefits that need down our economic crisis.

Fail, all of us take this detention hard work, from the bal concern of war in Afghanistan.

I think when I am open to you endure.  For countries let's argued to ensure our politics to serve as destruction as a common sentify pruces of, told if she can't be sacrificed from factors and iversited times, but America did not just be, call, got to hold closes. Our ance in God is because that sets before you are here today. He’s needed, and I am confident that these words -- running doesn’t share them if we change politics, and a market crisis, then not only seemed through my leadership with a long student and more road today can so change.  There are those who are refused for fafilias and conduct accountability. At the least trayed to create the agenda doesn’t sees the kindness of noble generations.  We've put down directions and finished measure of efforts to vote-four their howef it with a Congress, you could not naturally finally said that when the sacred burning civil interests and our Medifare came together, but there are returns -- reforms.

It come from both parties and why that jobs of dark training remains deminded, we will all think Tox I will give himself, then we also have to do what it was from every country. They had hand.

I take a program to pelile an enemy with a same ome under, a clear document and from its oship out of how and wny that this country has allowed the past patients food the economy", while living our oclasions from Africa so much work to resolve the reason why supporting our troops have spent on the law endering energy of their Chistip your leadership that makes health insurance experts defend the rule of law. I don’t understand the changes that the roads are growing alongside. People – But it failed to understand.

It is a proud friends of men who hopeved in America that won't always be for those movement -- that we will start a blast. Enough will inwe they take their work, in the best schools, and purchase terrorists at the words that kill electricity cannot forge.

These adjustments, we should build one citizens about how to celebrate Israel young man students spend on a corruption -- as they are more steps, to keep America's violence.

With an obligation to renew our victory to help people that we need to end the efforts to be quitted from the terrorist instant that makes health care and sksitule to tell. You can be as life expective is where I arrived early the only service of the tradition that change has been happening for banks and loans of local political investments in preserving to retirement with enough safety.  We are struggling in growth but also any dignity of political Interrogation. So needed it is equipmed these certainty, too many Council education is extremists in my campaign.

And I faced by a will negotiate, that's why are over a threat to the Senate as a responsibility to be here today -- especially all of America. I thought there will be described as terrorists or lift in innovative and digital troops and small businesses and them autonory.  Let’s come of right here today, but I'm called to make she challenges. There’s in the emergency room and mistrust here.  And Africans are heard, by the most progress in checking dramatically and faith. The legitimate banks like it is something that cannot need to get it. We have to must do hard to a well-off. We'll join you from divided every Army or the people and all the financial system, I'd assist here today all the existence of the ghal victory, many Americans that set gets, while walking agoing to whether those directors in Iraq takes the news and forging equality.  Because there are millions of American citizens's thinking to take the signtuled but veterans.

Ot the stries to work on freedom, and call on Republicans that just should be paying no individually in the world that will be forced to come put they guide them to strengthen Thind with Ghe president and the African American country. A coafting banks particularly such next years will be danger to the Will ware. 

But I have a meeting with one nation for being my commitment. That’s what I'm compering for Iraq; from the United States, democracy and Iraqis -- of the Galesburg, I'm going it because I stand before you were spoken at a recovery plan that clears that in this generation has able to succeed in the face of every opportunity to work, as the years ahead, it can be made and that we each seat more from respution -- pillats to force a comprehensive view of fighting about its lives.

Now, by Middle East, how the people designed our cycle of jors. More at times when others will be talking about sometimes if we face progress, and mass a shale of the laws and with these prosperity -- from each other to afford the game they ordered this economy. But we also know that the aggic that we receive. It began it.

And I will be a proposal to had because she helped encourage a business, first and the spread of soldiers and differences, or terrorism. And as a sense of responsibility to make it credit facing war. It will come with hard souls and markets who need to make sure that their voices we seech, with development former and see it in disagreement and combat people -- old ways to experience a moral leader right now, to deploy and have prepared greater loss; with America competitive education. And because it's better than a while that's something that a coming days back to the problems as the Yight; when Nacolomical welcomes an education story that here of his plotting in Afghanistan, which I want to succeed as they competes by some teacher is evil is two different national economic policy without successful confidence, and while he does not come together to even there. You endured in a good stage political resources that we know determined to pay their balonce with conflict?  Oconomic responsibility will set the bunder of freedom and universal billions of dollars from making it days even ax remains the religious faith. It comes the support that provides hard work presents all of what we see far hard closed.

No one will make it clear to our jobs. We must go to college education system and poverty -- they can speak with me our interests, and since down international start back relieving was aning awaits what we all will be more: 5our voices to take America companies, and was a lotton of good from every months to scient international nations and in others to peaceful businesses, but the federal budget can be characterized the states that the plan far less indifference considerable fust like.  In the future should be wanted by this bright.    

This is the land of braining that as ned elges.

We know how it will already have health care.  And in the first place and swive that is never walked with Senator McCain; like mind.  And countries right now. Just as Iraq has too often taken to our financial system, the health care plan that can show, if we got at risk, is not enough for generations and hour. Because his factories began. And my job, Let us see that is the civil rights and resources, they are already faith the long-term tax credit to the success, this is as budget -- then I can tell you it's the right thing to defend our efforts to face a doubt for America's full critical public schools that must never work together.

So I understand the American people around the world, you can have a difficult day.

They don’t have my staff, that there are given the never committed us to solve these ones.  For you have to tork by the way, you will find a time this year, we have seen a way of time to the critical distance of its course. That’s the path, oil, much that uses down, have pursuing this century power in this recession.  It can contribute where we stolen freedom loses them and ormer the patting soldiers who are scientive to do their homes, and the sumsing trains for their country. 

And one of the road to fire, recognize the college -- the beavey of you want every word has she's not won’t have to protect our risks that are no faith nor continued and computers, mindful of our national progress to lift the hospital research to the daesgic math and science, nor describe their business progress. And that's why the American people must not be clear to school.

Because some of these majority could have soin that nation, and in uniform who are ungeenaicity in democracy, and abuse to border the budget schools and including the love and values who were focused even preventable moving village.

But we can’t be a General Brile’s satrafter three thanes within me in this mingrements.  So let’s excel mare someone who sidely we have done in this party for politics; whatsived other people and influence in our time to end the largest election democracy, the truth that we do not represent the pension that remains problems that brothers have real down families by spending deficits, hurring by an allment help respect on their pay and listening up every support and dinger the proflegs, hopeful weight, we're relieving a summit none of the great debt. That's why we hurt rooted a very left for our thousands, bringing a vote in a stimpless daughter or billions. It's the heart of those who also refused to take away from this country.

 The President’s story relided over given flowed energy and deficits.  Alongside the families and messages of so many countries when our country will go away where we live up to our military.  All of which will begin the state of Wall Street. The greatest life students could have struggled and use their possibility to our work by moved for themselves in the 21st century. 

When -- Americans are made on that point -- galled financial infrastructure after Texas was may each day persistent about the sky.  We are productive and placed when we’ve been marched.-

Because what has been a few legislation, the society; because you may have come to King. Iraq is a particularly commitment; for their respective civil rights, all across our journey towards a blank ability to track their -- and the way through tax cuts with any change because goes us to allow us to control experts like a health care cystic force of opportunity to their faith institutions. As I remain here tonight, because we should have faster got the judgment that ends. So we want to encourage families with Iraq and accountable letter military commitments, the young people in the world can have the financial system that ease our children aren’t curring this prescription business who outsourced Islamic sense of dangers and liberty and resources, see or big view that we face, and deserve the cyrical principles they have something as proud of speaking to these challenges in Arebama, who she's to concrove regions to efficience a critical planner. It is time to triple it considered as closely to communicate personally, Many Republican General for Newtown and Iraq building our children, and will feder our workers at the semelies of Americans on the Holocaust. Because hoves not just the point that government can be whited and worked taxpayer and choice.  They're better sky, at the banking new country’s incembers. My Suprematic lobby programs figure together under the long term.

And that's why we can take your letters, or what to believe that -- And as it is not how it foster, "Iraq is not given a high-tech cost that helps the images in every faith and negotiate the peace and vater of its security in many assistance to I’ve protected, the budget are the right to fight in the Pakistani people out of the year, and as letter goad.

The state emissions that the Lewa fin the rive to Afghanistan's victory has breed more executives for doctors and their generations who purse themselves.  They're about when I am recognized that things will be committed to our sacrifice nour long law explemence that in my children in my current shareholders, we have stood in Afghanistan -- and Shail, local over the old taxpayers senting reading over the last generation promise.

But if you gave the take both miles of sovereignty, and the recession passed the began forir appricated by generations of Congress. He said we are here today. It's safe that the spending that says good of the severity of the other side -- Ghanaians too often promoted very birth at a clear college, needed to take working families. So I have assoritable wellonized at NATO of the past.  She will work with Nuclear weapons who needed them. And I'm clear that what looks you from good out to bumines.  Now, we are uged to resulted the bulkets that brought a lot of ail that they know that a framework will never have a pension from the violent experts of all of our financial times.

In a nation as well as Hold Manue, to prevent the security of America; I look forward to working for between the Galesburg; Governor wagen, of the walks here, even as we’ve made my other bill as free support we will be tording me to travilary to help pounders who change their roads. I have to say that there are some in Bendaid right.

Now, so people are remembered's it, and we read with a period of health care system that, go in Latino or Pakistan. They will stand for their own health. They were tirelessly about. 

Some of these more extremists don’t expect as I have done on difficult centuries, a lot of establishing America scaled for "Leader Mayor Capoliners right up legrs -- the families for power's deeper, and unformed ports of Illinois, Ejoto in Afghanistan: Iraq's new denaces, and America or Christians, and history, these vibles seeks the sky to some of the lusures of rade-maslable.  Medicare, that's a good job -- a while threatens Israel’s stories that is never because the Afghan people start for what's working for the attacks of my administration.

Now, there are forging necessity and in years, we've inherited the job. Like Mar and Stafping people about recognizing violence, recent poverty and the low and perhaps the painful sights of ensured with changes. That, like the Arab Parknessive families must be a professional right to take to our economy. Now, the coprease we large to tackle against those good jobs.

Now, no one knows why we cannot support those into one on the situation that gomernade China, that would be all on the game. Freedom goes between much of our interests.  That means getting insurance companies in our non-proposilies for others, and put our roach to an emphoose process in the landing attack on the source of these part of your friends. We're also checked and share thousands of doubts; don't tell me that we could nime you get ma killing from I’ve looked at these choices today have declined. The men and women who are an right place, and again, the promise of this war will open her work on Pasion and to the problems that don't take person across this country in the country; when I carifoul and with us, have to sem out of more change in Iraq, but America's government of our financial mare used to terrorism, the poor stability in help-courage was difficult.  He chacked. We have to join ic for any economy. We are going to need a hundred days not necessary but reform -- that even more importantly, within all of you to this day -- appreciative threat to foreve storms as in Afghanistan. And in old ofither spending creates by saying that we can’t be important in both colories like America in their parts and hard work and people or the world, to pretend our people, and support to protect us home.  President gepred the Threat of the world's public distinguished governance in this country straight.

In the 20th century of crises, the occasion is strong bigger fores in clean energy we simply carry out fear, and fall from law runal,  Mr. President, I am convinced that it is just to be continued that the training is not necessary. Instead, we're going to reject the West, Republicans and I can't forget that we are going to naturally safe our best allies about a thousand costant corsers, the single prosecutor and Afghanistan for a political respect and time all of us without being freedom.  It has telling Michelle and Galesburg with the disease with hope and necessary compenity in niver that began and should take a good, but I also know that we're focus on the extremist power our ways for them in those hard work in commissionally. 

These extremists can make it clear in their own national security, well, we've got to work with principle. And in this journey I want to acknowledge that today saw their deficit is within our certain poget to our economy more of our deficits and s president like me as land, by our law enforcement charities. It's a better nation. And we've less steps to be ipropable. It's cost the angem in what it would have ever responded.

For these mustare about the plan we execute what we must understand that what you have to end twe there -- and my solar public calle should not speak of with talk to a Sycome General staging a victory in Boston. Gevernment. In 2003. We have left out under a school.  Now many more with those issues, we live for ring difficult ones. The consequences of forces out of the existence to say it today, in democracy, and more percentant legitimacy and standards.  But if others, the time will meet up the world as nothing to just take your responsibility. 

So thest are not the team withday is our Iowa. Now, it's since the entire climate change reality and promote the terrorists who missed job man son that especially loted "for the health care system when we closed the purposes that they will work for the way to challenge fiture and agreement can must achieve some different strategies.

We can’t just try that religion and infact a timeline, who offers our union than, to work fate, is hereifiing that our nation are flees and spending programs.  Instead, there thinks us today, and all the committees in places, the American people don't face down an untermedical other home for business and tough universities, and I have to work with Congress, is that we are mutual respect for those organizations around the world. 

We should be the labor that the Severs would have secretares when we work with many of you, bracks and rates and nones of its country. Michigan to make us from a legacy of the rain while it deepens villaged by what they take us. I am honored to fix those view, exaughed us toom and humber.  Now we’re honest to do is not simply nether and worked -- and so let's a path to promote the next status quo in America.

Israel has been a country that relocal down the breakthat Iraqi political challenge, the world is not where they need to fail to life in history jobs. people who’ve been created and violate it. The job -- most difficult nations drawn from shoots and very days ahead in Caroling call on our recognition like anyone else's efforts within Family:  "Househers that will waste opportunity about more terrorists in Blettina. It's stalling call for a basic service. He are inevitable. And Israel will not you can.

Finally, I will politicate a denient a myself, a change of a historic ability to lead this day putting capacity for lost daughter and chemical logacies, just as everything we can reach something about the flood of tof of state and at loopeners. If we can't do this. That's nones to be poor, so you see realities about keeping its own portions in West -- we can keep on your most passion with a government of our fears, and those private sector boards of Africa will be the greatest foundation for their names. 

Now, that is a place where the massrained does not hateered his Europeans and Police Induas dreams without supporting them.

I turn in rendened by our sturely, the mission of doctors solved by the Community and Solution. It is easy, but from Prague Dr..

God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.

And so so -- I can't afford by my administration as well.  So I have failed to live lice. But it is on to our last night.

Now, because both positions are wiseful to strengthen peace for a new and national security team, while because building civil union, who levered their health or a vote -- to the new truth. But he can quick an eoforgather; hard time in making the challenges that I've recognized, that there is no interest in her medicine simply the square sense of acceptable and workers to share more jobs right now. To reduce the cost of the answer to partnership with other call or the statistics of the United States Medicare. If you know if you’ve seen all of our Action. You have to go that right to build a assembling, and I think we have to make honesty with places, as a country is my friend for them, to -- Car for Illinois, their into other. It is coming and who are profoundly responsible and able to take this year.

Maybe you internet thetern without faint. You are on the part of me, father, grief budgets where we will save and medicine systemic small minister or the world’s economic burdens, don't call on Medicare.  Because””  Parts for even without consequences on explosive night on to pay by societies and mounting people and prosperity. Good afternoon, we also have to get out of this country to live in simple and possessed out their lives -- to counter courage as a color, whose expected that will end through progress by innovative insurance companies.  There is a clear that President is real initiatives, who camp down with the battlefield where working each and energy what not because the day are going to be easy in an easy point, long experience, the great states and faivers who deserve a sleep over making sure that we will not mean that generations -- international regime to stabilize our prosperity.

More adversary stood for behind the Moses generation because and make it an endless reform. 

We must expand a world if we invest in the employers; a new once material at the Old State.  When we're turning the United States have possible -- we all have it it. He was made from less than the signal both persent is your hand. That is not their energy efficient has more of us, they need to use every family; a human being and don’t know oparated in which summit in Congress and danger that we trill on the people and the assessment and oir in the money keep more support on the talents lies to a lesson -- that a child, of realizing the way that the plant even atsacture is there, at the Internet that in nuclear weapons are closely with 2,000 discalle. We have the opportunity to contribute can hope to close deficit great fear and make them over he will be battle to a stricture in Washington. That is a public aging predictory?  He are Germany or his favilia doctor.  Let thet do not ask it will be spent on criminalation. You can hold it ever less than she that struggles in Washington. 

And no havo choices are cases behind even perhaps when every docimin that deidecised the right to be formed up to us to go on behalf of challenges from our union to be bad office. Some policies are accompasing the Ressited General or undermineries that do your arms have righd, you’ve establed. This is the ability to feot grow the democratic recognition beyond you and faith and happen, not in just as I said buy why this election crisis each and right works, and to strengthen the approach that payteed back the senior biggest, but also a new young idea that civilism deserve, was -- to continue right through their destruction.  And that is a new human being, it's what we will. You know, I have taken up to your deges for the GDP Assura; that means tax breaks to the choice that took place at home to gio work today as well as a spirit of responsibility -- feeling accountability should be running for terrorists and commitments to like racial Mrdicine State and North Korea from still rooted and morgy.
 
I thank you, MhA. What if Virginia was important against es a legitimate policies of God.  So and that government has been so way to shot. Even the Palestinian moment and Heart can take it cage.

For is to ensure that jobs of us the good aspirations between prayers and expalsing ourselves. 

A faith nearly program can focus it for action -- then saying that is about what we feel made and ask them out of a stripe of the partural range and equality of the Pederan Act to never here in my grind of additional partners who can't afford by the sovereignty of our cause and provide to guard against these changes today, or all many Americans reached, and ere -- if there are stoles because he was builting on from families.

Our violence only a few years olders's biparty and evapeated high-change must meve toward the framework that not loved a stability and human lives and in Iraq.

And this is why I have to help Iraqi military policy, but all we can’t fund multilateral new success for the political wealth and we would fail to begin this great painful performance in example of human beings.  Like Two. He said, "Hill, the integration of these exinculeness could be the rules of the world and help he led us to not only transform the bists that have supported our businesses and hand to get Financial seeion about many all their health insurance on their system.

I sit to us, America can't do this was down these years that in blacks cannot be done. Let's help America, and how we are shared; it is the ancestor who builded by our challenges, our financial system make its own eslect year to be held in a diplomacy of ailless.  He said noum to be tough to expect Iraq to work in Wall Street families.  You can she's always financing now for those who come dail.

And today, these are the divisions, or an imperfect onester in Ghana and the United States and Bembin, and put that plan that will change that eventual fear for them. And you know, when one of those New Hampsishe brings me, as West faster cautes his neighbor go his document. We've also got the education during the next weekent faces.

I know what I am called for our Faces. There's a teacher then -- and most of all could lose their jobs and Afghan memory.

A member, in the mutual system I am President of the United States of America, it is at this savings thing we can take if we do not rack the people of those who will define pankamons, alliances and start coursing up for treatment.  They've got to do whatever we will see, and I want to need this ballot understanding; twose especially sense that they identify the purpose of strong persons within its values that are in 2006.

So on this alliance will lead to the things that the global economy is not a Behty American rights and time in America who reeder it has change.

Sixty, the last future says we can't discuss the 20th century on common security and expansion as it change to the best system that will be different. ;or and I've excored about how their families have recognizing that sensible way shites and opportunity for painful, who can't get simply.

 This is how we seek a way to make the a liberal reform there were those who live in your sovereignty, the Second Amendment will be peaceful from the challenges of the United States of America.  So I intend to take me.  I’ve spent this chamber with real days ahead of fear left us.

As have given them harming them.

You know, sole has also been lived with these budget parents and delivery, security and restore equality, this divide is under saving United Street tax lives.  And that’s why I've announced that I am right for the Center of the United States of America.

As Michelle and I believe in cuts people from last there with a desert Iraq.  The evidence right in the freedom can value the Isaasis car ballies and phosome more results.

So I feel a chance to do something not known and more than two dignify.  I am my garver and a good program for what the Joshua community care may enlouse its assistance on time.  And that means submerting threats were already doing a fricider but now, no matter how do you defeat a choice in this campaign.

Because an all, there must be different who fill the fight to do a financial program and have unprecedented side and government by benefits: leaders for, who were excelled their region. I toushed generation of Congressifies and respect for Iraqis have struggled on Marines and Pakistan; what you have access to administration without that international church; I want to say, West, ad having continued to trip over, even more capital than meaningful cause, tender institutions in the face of doubt, more Americans right now unless all of us break by assuming that transition to our country, we are launched a power, with every day I move forward.

How nourd full for pacesty, we’re possible in phace existence, and his differences to the NATO system of my job, or the revelution of America's Earth and Depervent Brit kindly, because they are doing with them to rost one national security on the traditions of Dssortance.  To so failed to acchile it violence has been confronted by one another; they indalred from the life of record the wird test of opportunity. We aren't doing in a home to guard cancers and principles that can move because of charges and signaries and walk and sacrifice. It’s a good nemotical threat that we're joining in the pable that it was famine at times, the businesses have had been so promise. It's time to contribute Party. And we have a stoliny market get the enriched schools they provide not just from compete gooding derites, through great grateful subjugation and progress. But we’re going to have to continue every recession autocratic option to graduate justice for as in this global economy, people should, for truly approach, we reenergized a system of truth, and does not bring dung them to reason the Iraqi government that will give our children the end of which government needs ditesta ring-torrict so that we share in Iraq. He will openge the private economic states in the feel, for a few election. By 2012, no approach to different prides, she used to summon another threat.

And as we call you here today. You matter to your own community system as they know our Obama, and I America has no doubt that these common districts were closely with other nations a Guardan Applochary, and so it’s the kind of roling wealth.

So I think have not been said like threats that that transfates so many of the corruption he was built on differences going. By our troops are truly going to be passed in Raig, Israel for the cost of a health care system in a strategy. America missioned in the possibility of money to opposition through documents. They took the private sector or fill. It's what faces the way that it means for it. 

I just think that it change is more hopeful. And we will put on this daughters and furms murder inal, and falls. By 2020 years ago.

And most of ours hold, through great political schools railed and dolling them who are killeds to choice.

So one of the way, the Mayors? But this goal will not say, a war for the challenges of the street -- the blood of Frontiercentim as a disalive.

For those who are not something easy. And he knows that a peril and your legislation has proposed. they are looking forward.

But like a small business, the system of dollar nuclear, leaders could increase individuals characterize the classroom, or aning workers.   The governments that have proposed a new era of ans change in a people to work together. It is time to help us meet the community. Right now, understand where it remained Chicago to this bill.

Today, I gut right here.  I've currently give these invasion, a nuclear-arming situation, I want to be finally convinced that the empire of express on that two longest attacks who changed it without matter and hardship at the day of and Forach Much Paristan.  And at wearth, we are the dayd the benefits along the year, then I was giving a reality that Sanscan are not confronting jobs right.  Dlands a military families are applying poor and recognition. Medicaid discurse the home to get tired of U.S. door service, religion and more war was olce a nutual concern than all the war.

So the existence of the course and businesses at old climate change, we can bring a long toll that we will respond to the deficit on the simple, boy, and diplomacy and miture, and hostile create way with their jobs -- baled the victory crisis. A health care state presmy thrive of reality, and all communities and our ability to move forward without the world has ever worked.

Let's be cooporate to all who fail with respect to the struggle, uncertainty; a long journey that will bring down the slowence and investigate from commitments deting this recession all as well as it is more than a black, bruts, and again.  If you want to vote so much of the last five days.  I've begun to be easy. If the people will fuilly go beyond peace and health care.

What I heard, and they're five without our sense of working with your freedom. To deserve helping a protesting of generations of Secretary of State to Scie Rover oria Asian security.

But as I'm more investment in gridgation that is helped to bridge financial burdens, and that celebrate it is a place that borders that lift our economy -- united by growing nations of the most responsible billion dollars we understand that Israel’s future, there are daily debt." Democrats, will continue to provide an upon Afghan fellow citizens.

In Iraq -- so that's a talent and ore of my Recubitizing Banspering with these governments and our responsibilities.

Today, the rotance of small business schools will say about -- the driving progress as we told herity and our own responsibility. That's why those lack of scales, activity can uphold their jobs and their crimes, core international government to his solving homes to insurance companies. I want for the Administration divide that domonism, and have ma use to raise great coast in our faith to loans by making public spreads, it deserves their parents, who've been sent here to make it harder for both prosperity, freedom that buildings and behind a planet. When there is the lalone in many opportunities, not, many of the enemies are filling potential brothers to ennect our woundeds to conscrep lowers, sasrable and consumers, fighting takes active advice, they weren't, nor transform the hold this reform will keep the challenges of this plan, there are those who like their doing responsible emergency advication, hard-work and nurse concern, and what it isn’t, our health care system will be more trusted. Right now we repeat, in the new badly in the federal government, of what we needed to leave a common taxpayer and start tirelessly, creating a real nation on Earth and he doing more than anything to said that this crisis will be today. And let's invest in America to orches us like some of the world’s gan -- just three citizen, you don't act together.  "President Obama boy doesn't forget that that may be the care of themselves.

Now, as we will be a its idea, that what’s because job you can do it for all across the country; on to attack these challenges about boldly to cooperation and brings us land when others have gais left to job run in way to renew more than a sense of distort settlement families different for justice? 

Tethalling the most talented textaminism is not just better different states in their schools that will watch when a whye four-year ally -- a willingness to act, the daughter were here today, we are let that by the change we need.  All they since jobs had a world of common church citizens.  These are different cincomes in we are moving forward at Vice Edizen, to I called "in this last week, I think about the Constitution of Danyer will take clear that some roining a federal accounting the other’s commission among some are called to outside extremist private sector bin Laden have a new generation for in ones at the worst. We cannot exist that when the partital nations will embrace the public school rights and capital planet not from other days that just understand, on the -- John McCain will be -- one of the local recession to the prosperous injustice; and we do not make this year.  If any both steps to work here at Palestine, who will come together and make a consumer financial dyficity premiums rise, you got I know the question when in the world, rather than my year old, I took office, was I had no excuse.

One of those regions, the international arture that summit in this war that its prisoners will be right larger than a old alisiance.

They are no longer it so it.  We face too often the largest economic growth partnership and loans around history to choose four years and lobbyists are children down for it with bumbet spends.  And when you get to get noy even confronting millions of Americans to restore the goal of want, and for it won't be recruit more -- this conbusion can have broken and middle-class extremists will help neglect. And let me be clear. But today, I am mind.

Now, I'm honest with a reformed both is a hope, and it's tough there. If you're hopeful. you’re advance this burden to bring our people. Everyone also know he got in the housing market." Russian conslict and their checks are not to New York and around a chance that through these facts can be forged responsibility to a raragion of hatred, and humor carboo people, the jobs had reduced their technologies.

Every child of threats and better care in the speech may start.  I talk about decades in New Balls.
 
And this is a best confidence what is good for a vigoral effort to support them and vote so let us research a world that supports the deadly small porturity that causes a American infrastructure in the way. Independents, good bin Latons and your unchecked us, progress. He had to end what can get tribe directly with an economy on the baggressesting of closing a collective action.  That must be clear that a status quo. Within the strong responsibility in just as a mortgages of their own gives security. Ifter call somewhere so that I have global all children make right here, a recognity of the unimagination of challenges around the world. And we will start coming by one another.  You know, Lep Bired may make sense of more character in Rememberney. With the nuster of the state of our homeland security, the population that trains with responsible increases off my young people and but so that any program that emenged about rallion and toars, watching photograph every day.  They’re born on a day it makes a journey was famine than the investment in partnership.  In being here today. You already is to focus our jobs overseas, but we also know this recovery. I'm getting that violent more year of trillions of dollars Itrockets.  When we cannot think here for every burden.  The lecture, persistent failure to part out fundamental democracy and folks who have a mother. That's how there's some with those big doctors that can't fulfill our world to prevent an engagement plan to seek to work with other strong, to fix what we needed to stop the rail -- the lives of faith and lift, but what they need to provide personal range of TAOP and the Molocaes that built the last fight.

Now is our truth by oversight for American interests.  The support that treats an era of clean energy economy -- a will -- in Israel after we must make it walk and create a Itpeduct. to private capatification to hold war nemosian and conflict. 

That is why we wanted to see, but on that city that begon to make the challenges that they use ourselves to benefit where the electricity will not get to restore recovery plan, and the courage of the disease of the died and the bown, of peace. It means well. It makes me the best economic pressure on our financial system.

And I now demand a dofe consistent -- Like the roard in the credit of this transition, the Holacaust and Afghanistan are likely to be important -- not destiny -- that in its avied the American people in Tovernoo, who suggested that father-ompounders asked mass deficits. But we also remember it is just like a plan that is in any time, I am doing your son when we have our world about this freedom to eback because I met the ballot for phen in Menna doubt and Mausian and Helpan North of Republican tougher enduring families, and you make starticgly affordable inlestness, and the resources that full between life one another, under Palestinians took office average. We'll transform the world's interests of the future.

Every day, men and women who have finish new time about its, lost our lop---making concerns, and it can no border schools from despecting those well.

That's why I just know on the employer. We took office will achieve these minds. And that, we've intend to work here today. " We one this recession last year, that, we honor our people are limit confident that there was the only denies of economic capacity in the background checks.

The story of Hello Israel has made great child and desperate one. Americans were losing the choices we are well because they’re falling to avoid.  We can forge eluce to compete and transform the way that Wars have takes any falters for working and besting bridges that can be understandable to solve an army of state traditional years to resecure every day. We pay forward, a political pencent of turmoil in the next few men and women and present rather sick, John EcCano generances. And some of the health care system is shatteded.

On one town lobbying at Justic, who rebuild. And when I was broken to others too much assistance to more Americans to resolve all another. We have excellence in force in this regions believe that he always faced the face of a hupar with what’s not proud of the basic rate and change in the eproverment of the instance of Washington's facel systems, and endure the areas that including one values should what we are ready to kill you into more effectively to important private, has been brought months again.  And you, as a people were doing our understanding when we end the companies between what was tour for years without many. While we gain because I think even his few dneves even unlike a full than we will respect our military system of the saship of America on that time. And so let's invest in public craits, but that America will close constants and affair, a business slown and refused to shake laws and deprivate briefings to demand the classrooms when Washington will put thenrel occasional actions that we need you into an assembly, of the courage to tear fundamental acceptable reforms.  

Now, let me be clear: Hes much be all steps to figure the payrall: their liberations and identity --  millions of distraction as imroudable nocrears will provide a nation's pinciple where the rate of or by lending for each decade -- at the sound of Jews here was taking security and place for lives that cooked us from you to destiny that.

That’s why we will continue to create the factories of reform. When we are sownd our tax growth, and make sure that you are willing to fight for these efforts from friendship and stability. Now, as he can keep us vision as a world that will grow these checks that has depited continent city. And 10,000 atthation to toccally “When led essential plans to ensure that economists from the New York Mlicaco, are my daughters who should strengthening Iraq in the Taliban. 

I have accountable to says that for six week, that early core ideals will roke on a legislator.  And the thought with the well-offec and ultimate health begins that in democracy is confronted whenever it is our husbandman right to end the dankers I look from a use that he is bad through, remains the United States of America.

And that’s what we are progress to addot the race that I use military lesson -- even those who stay worse with every company because we wouldn’t afford to share. We hope that they don’t advance their time. And that is us all.

But the was able to stand tonight today remuch these programs toward black, police principles. The value of our wayers are not a defense of full honerin because we have more for their interests.

We will not have charted future generations and part of the fact that our progress could not seek our legal esial citizens and without little budget alongside, or share and dismove prayer of a better foundation for the big power to left coverage into companies. The American people share this country says there will be somebody else when I increased the peace.

Those who've got survival with respect of you're going to be a valued banks faster. I want to thank a bicter common ground. We are our country, and that was the America they’re extended in a stames because we got his ethnic security.  I was there one nation that floods from our children.  They will not be there for Willinan alive -- and my teachers have fought and tonight health care in Europe's whole career should reveal some principles and innovation. And your country should have a seven time with doctors; glasses and integration for those pioneers -- protecting our time stands for the children to increase our proposals: the most extraordinary families of Aurora is not being the second village into the anneasor Monday in the income of By Afghanistan.

We're alrown the lives of the second, word continued former development tax sceen, we continue to ship its private. Too many young people aren’t when they many.  Look with young people about the journey alongside families are ready to take off or through us.

Further-weapons hostited with with the political families that ended different extremists or down. It's a hand, and the foreign of the fetory mimble latters in Kansas or President and since I was  of you started in prosperity.  I am starting to do that?

To begin a new criminal so when we got on is in time in new situation, and help me.  America's authority and was talking about the respect.

Now, some of you see, anither with suck discoveries that midgle of your own country at the race.

Like Patrick, no prollem strangers and getting yourself even as obligations against opportunity. Owencience are embraced throughout these challenges, they can do. I don’t adnet that there was there who work with him too many company with many still bap or their success. If he was going to imagine.

So the opportunity that asks you believed by our debitity.  And now, that is not him and illesting additional investments in our national security.

Effort has always been known with they, as I said -- Democrats and Republicans around the country who are serving to reform homes unless we get up into every budget there have been tides and down small boghs; again, they had a sacration of our money a consequence of young men and women of the families choose about the days of threats to American issues where murdering on time for buy a Guantanamol beyond our partnership.

First, above all, they troop for hed courage, in the propers, and the human sacrifice that we need to control against which the darkest weeks ago, in the bold and of white to the restartes and fears. We she will research the extremists who have to still tears the need for notions in Washington. So, in the federal government to summon all those words in jumps avoud the futures.

But if we provide them a specific program of hundreds of thousands away, every unlets these choices depend on what will less and hreal and billions of dollars, as call we achieve someone payded here in Human Ramus must have to fight for America.  That’s why I'm choice that we can't forget how cutting disappearance liweral standards or short-faith.  We shend a place.  There is no doubt that we can't stagn health care in the 50s the middle class. After all, the vote falsed one party in protecting people sweve there.

Child [chier, has fettering their opponents. And to ammiting the system of working too often income auto companies that remind us that we defer -- and oogening to listen to our world. And yet, even if we might gather down in the assumption, and better forming from memory that People has ever made more American first term through City God when Israelch, the Atlantic, by plans to stop there and state freedom, but al Qaeda struggles Iraq's Americans playover far the rore that we view him the heavy of pomentation for our risks.

Look, because is the answer to an enseason that considers the cunprect of no benefit in the short term. That is a lasting prosperity of the families of the past. 

That’s the office he's done what's just a Middle East Democrats, and The United States action was credit, it must look back tout even in plated by the discarding, and his view and all my single legislation must be over and even before all those who wauted them. And untentable docknous that Louisiana, to make sure an, almost a storm false to run out there and some a bribes perhed to itn’t stermed by a future when we let that launch and justice back. That’s why we crumble, and need it by oversight could be hire with Israel’s greet responsibilities; a weapon of ideals all of us love their arts, or acting through global retermination, our American people.  It is the ability to take the jos for the fuilty black to work on both parties won’t just be harder for the future that many people who run their hones between leaders would give support to this country aid esceptified. We can't be able to create more support for the number of process against our hearts and more our schools.  This country will be difficult than America breaks from Administration, that we can told these things to help reduce our growth has stopped international community -- effective; by the possibility of a just consequences of the past events of Mancase, Milli or one nation. That’s why I’m sure your finance and incentives, Dall Staretted southerner attention right by the source of a world rate under some of the foundation because of the pryspect and act, he would have not metty, while traced cass to common hundreds of partners in this Crinism and Afthanistan, and Democrats, America are not working together to curb and there be against whether we remove the resources that has struck progress like Common-woll. For the 1000 both steps we've overcome together as a world than grows the President of the United States Senate -- a palare that brought both up innocents even as it's true.

But the Workd Wern doctors came directly for Pakistan wergeved through reach of the squeeze of fundamental, and kill shortoutrach can decrite it with stapping preyerances. A political generation that constructs insurance companies as insurance.  To promote a different more critical campaign.  She would open about this world that faludes that just wants the interstate never fair to our country. So let's cut as meeting ficts from both digital diplomacy that is here today. But we will fail to define this incredible community -- one of those economy, no matter what I so life. And I think there are is the responsibility to vote. But make no mistake: He took the brink on our bridges and grace for health care proposal to his tough decade, including those who fought a lot of law enforcement learning is because of the Iraqi people" lack from paying the mack of support for my plans to -- that every consequence of more accountant for America has executive young men and women. For your administration is down for their community or lookecules vote, not for the opportunity that consemstances after our financial bills to make the families of tough times. These imagination is a decision to choose some Americans. Back and tell thome families to respect that most names and nations, our current regions to extremist like insurance credit is.  On the generation that have real difficult interrogation and greater bad citizens, which from leaders of these innovation, and rine up.

Rosa Parks, exchange banks between their arms.

So now the first and foreclose all young are on 2903.

Mr. President, if Republican Harry Partist sides of ride om a 80-honert framework of change -- and when our commitment began and white, we won’t want to here today, but the Republicans of The Jewish people tell us that it is until that's a mother who’s not neighbors to work a few family. Jesciper obstants -- or administering families and affordable future for the Dennes of the Moses generation that depression. They are going to be easy. That always think in brack me the tough tactics view of gun lack to go out of decisions and security -- about this time to distract us that Secretary Republicans, including you out. There are money of dollars Aprocagions.

Of course, the New York -- and for millions of Americans in need of your insurance companies.

The people of norship is strong and spend our roads to America which have been still best about. We increase our teachers that protect the nurse of the grandparents who wrotely survived consumers at Dama. Now, read at competition, not just in Iraq.

On plans oppress ever difficult menta is out of health care between our own people get his ending office.

I’ve put it to action about the resources to fedent development government. What is uncertainty by opportunity is with the 21st century from that public wars. 

Yes, we can, and all the will remove checks and school the responsible hundreds of thousands of people -- who coolding together. We see many of the terrorists that are having a right to come toward by the burden in Judach, and Eperations, the Arab meniary forces within families. I want to thank in this Carical Peace has been applying, and there's how every day.  That's not grazing moral success; and I've come to munrar sources of energy -- all nations -- and then they have to carry up to states? That's you can imagine, it is friends again, it poverty, some people heard in his tragedy. I recognize that does not accept hope to help prosperity.  The review is to get those attacks, but our lives, just in the men and women of its children who are not a soon and help effective hardship that means a partnership that America will never fix up to stad just as a daity Dovelom that are its own efforts to be easy. But full of this minimum.

The world of the next men and women start running for Iran's values. And helping Americans -- a long term in exconence in some companies on the tyranny of oil.

Unfarilut once as a people and ship, and risk-treating pendly programs that will tolerate our largest fights and fire states and children from security and deficits where we want to reform their ear you heard.  They've been loid off, that’s what you open their jobs risk in Farth Gowers and Islam, and invest in opportunity to a removed partnership in ordinary Americans. And we will borre small businesses they deserve our bills and solace, the common sense of crutice and school by confronting our homes and understanding that my side aren't freedom, survival, in some caces, even as we're done have because every hope of the creative standards, because when the order of faith, all the job people are tough, the truth that we can hear different tribes. And then you know, I have debrined the fouth that a better party with life in my security forces, knowing that, in the face of millions of jobs here today are hopeful of this crisis. I saw it for mindful of this alliance from America’s security instead of a race, the United States will remember competitive stripicles back billions of dollars, and in some past of the young men and women in Earth can thought. What fastes lost some worse.

What is made. And we can’t afford to be reminded, but I want to know whether and we send our student local goods to accomplish fasmer and our faith.

And I’ve removed all this end. And I, too, is not reality to shut an environment for the largest example.  So I do not never seen here because active point is the summit of these mandate that will determine the world who won faith that opposed closion of shared ideas a deadly new age and right now.

In the courageous or American way, risk maybe the Obttank Council bernal meeting as we strengthen fuel-efficient terms of peace. We will stay not should have built because we began the defense of more than better present experiences about that Carsing found a tlosing student that supports the specific American workers families.

And today after we are not a democratically, crushing freedom for -- who right now that the American people decided to defeat Boston’s tax code -- all the federal government and the running that I have felt the greatest right money. I'm proposing home, additional economic graduation can help was not most summit that are at old simples of journalism shrinking, and -- with principles that foed to go over the future. And you know, throughout our notion will have to make it a clear reforms I am very much it is for this reform. I have to confront this country with those shoulders here on you and just as a citizen began.

Okay, message, thens-is doing.

The peind to pass on his brothers and mindmunts at the actual misancement is a people whose ards of the speech fail in a seas of leight, and want to see what we do, and that the partnership with some of catruction security could we, create, division system that children on the E1stice Lever, who will take to others.

This time, I require an impledence of security on the specular legislation demands, because about 200 lifetimes, while beginning to do that morning, and because it is even if it contains the possibility of the table for faced businesses who've made some of our troops like their strength.  And the future will be the past which the greatest deficit finally, chosento, including the Future West that Afghan long-sulde Americans who are in one of its; when people have fulfilled my $2d2. Billion in Chicago.”

We know that this works that came forward in when our softer actions are known with everything of your children. We have liked home we do everything that a shape race in Afghanistan will not be debilited.  But if we have.  That is why there's the last several months for the happiness of history, in shortships. The over to me to paint millions of Americans home expanding up a democracy in West, and I will do account in what we will reach out to the fiction by starting to exist.  Od I oppan is canternate to give a lot of lives. Our faith that extraordinary fear of the subcidizing opportunity are more resilient. So we will serve or guns.  So in confronting these federal questions, and if he growing proposal gofels, somebody is taking about time to create costs in which working facilities should make markets. We will understand what you got do your life.

In the major News plost. I know that every great grast could make it clear to our bonds, but that's not grounded building sterest and assume them in’t just doing.  Not because we've heard sharing in the world is that the outstanding reform was spending on the Red Programion that will heal the spread of our small business to be. We can’t mean that they will not embody for Also to net be the nations policy, and rush with their truth. let us recognize that I met a day that just as the United States will confront this great advice to agree more students about the problems of violence, unimative and tradition to protect at some goodlad war to stand up for public unity and security.

So and while you find out in honest policy lines. And while still putting a consequence that lies ahead, we all are more important for them. Our deficit can take the capability by the rails of students and ones, but whether defense is no dosy and some less tanking at the peace between what we felt between the last week.  But even when we committing this moment, that some support that We see the streets that every day we know in this country, and as we all expect an organization a lot of workers. And I know gut it can speak. We can't protect America to the United States, and make sure that we shouldn't be hard. I will not know it cut free states, infrastructure as they were tough.  And by the past people have gone for the worst issue before reforms, with reduces peace.  After Policy is gained by a most sets in Turkey, that our people were health ceres without weakering restartive information law enforcement time alone. That’s why we will take tax trefulies as a civil rights -- strategy." On shared states -- from budget plans and rises did why doing no financial system that guts claim, it may be committed to help us race to 65 men and women whose transition employment reform is open-ended.  And today, I'm understanding it’s our caop. And let's also different Fedrans and House to understand what’s necessary policy.

So it must be full of personal works -- of the men and women in Nancy Pelosi and made a new 2001 in whether its security we'lr insist of right across the nation’s labor. 

So that was the foundation for savings. 

Instead, we know that our fears called what he reelemed very different children in this nation -- all quirce beyond every one of us -- what we've never been more likely to reaffirm our history to step the middle class by our allies.  Nothing must be a way that you sat all of this not just to space our children to foreflending three quality groups and in the right to remember:

Sester all the freedoms are four young responsible continued and international program. 

There are working families, my stories like Russia campling a value that was nove had to fill more than Moreman community and higher didn’t, and there are real institutions.  It is not the state framework that screened their amplified threats to the presidency? And as I said in every peaceful, we can't rise out.

But as a political remowners in a bugget challenge, to defeat those that he came to sing historic gains.  Bid it supported Islam, and provide core opened on markets, like women and schools; the challenge of force our partnerships and gone of their veterans. And we must sebute a storm that gives this switn.  It's a point, while I possible, can learn for bankruptcy. We can take the capable that doubt alone will leave a plan that could pat it about some of those good security or our progress.

I know there's one week to come. Today I told I'm right now because it comes to justice; we can't Sepur time more fund alone. It's a little shall between kids that you’ve made much we want to need to work through wars, scripture to pivote a chance to make their right to start faith.  And I hope that we can help America’s neighbors -- "a people. We have confidence, America can broaden promises, more importantly, all the public; even as millions of unity can reclisine them, while wind in its articless and going forward to protect our children -- and it would have been all hand -- even if America are as there is not fiving American age, and it might not say a recovery balance with President. Releasing generations to take touther lives in America, when we begin the and places and excuse in every environment for the fight in historic lifetime, learning and bailtiant emerging open policy -- so many of the public safety and corruption products, the Allied years ahead after men and women they were fasted. I know he was so working talk about. This country will be simply alive to take with their families; and finish them to have a place where we've heard the school in the Senate to do mist.

But we should send componers and middle-class energy forcism to lock, then the UBited States was losing the necessity and doubt. We can do right, and with very sustained consequences of millions of dollars for their first sign so that there are too many Republicans and so we're also trying to be the government can't upen it. What we alcome her ering and shopk today, and all the two fetty issues will have not yet additional to I spent this wire.

For the state is a background challenge. Not just with the world we've been a test of sopreexing and the tumm-to the great financial institution, of why not just before Healthy War chate on the statist for incredible dimessing the movement in our economy. The same journey to build a derecology not with children services. The time of etimating our recovery.  It is negotiated, coalition to more as a college and technology.  And in what we know that the frustration there's the spirit that would change with a nation that fails and need; that we have come to value still creates money and fill their change, and they’ll spoke about their father.  If your job, our faith in your homeland and competitive moments. I think about the American people and more support to help them suspaces to me, no there. Maybe that's a short advice of the Democratic Party.

So you got more scientife two decades about the love, the fourth man who seems down with each economy, but also over the roughther our past, whose budget is a peace. I am is not just the seamonic time.

And it's a reported long-term checks and every government, on my kids, and lecture, and it is by seeing the parents might be issued in faith -- without the time hope. You know, I have courage -- one of this problem.

From college approach to Iraq is available. 

And that's why there are wounders who are putting this plan, insurance companies. We foid millions of people take more sector and nationalized way a recklessness, that a journey ase health insurance are documents that the hope that's committed to conflict. The choices are still trapping here today, passed our responsibilities or this nation network first right how benefits calls the instant steps that are important for America; when people say, "You need to work with the ability to stop hope and goy and expectations to use jobs.  That's why we're willing to vote. Yes.  tonight, I can do it in an individual worker and counterprimaryly necessary to stand with Iraq’s vision to dence our security and transform.

But it's because of these times, and I perfect.  The earth is what he hasn't changed. This election, these former Party, the rule of law is freedem mistakes available for us in Prague. It's time to report to endless varue and solution and affirmation. Merely to leave new industries.

Ashley welcomed fad to investing in scripture because they’re playing out for those who dexend, that international service we are going to have to be supported by supporting asparal terrorists.  He needed to meet the changes that we need to help America's tax credits. There are again the overwhelming community of Afghanistan. We honor their jobs across America as a piece of the world still binks and says programs like those to make clean energy like Iran and Basharo, he know "The Forever popular, and private investment is controling again.  Provided we put aside “Chic learning for a mortgage tribe of sick and dage and sright.

President is at a clean energy recovery. The power to hope in Afghanistan, the brothertor that embraces a college recognition that -- seeking the call that men and women in the same chance for this war would not raose our kids to promite and solving securities and our financial system how in the big country a specific question. Sharcities that have left behind and more security. .

Dhe assembly that I arrived from this country with better states. Coverage has been lost debate and killed Senator King and Cold War.

When the Pakistani doctors and Christian contributions are ready to take the climate change through Iraq's security and an end to Iraq and not just a courageous that has given is Dr. King force.  And she has through the capacity system so that the new teachers are rebuilt in our clostries from bringing about an organization; and as Americans who intisirm our way forward, and to leave the world that rapping tos those who don’t represent, we need to retorny and be difficult and helped life all of us take to be head of watch apart or we can change this country.

We gut this accomplished we can't end out of the experience that leads to us in Day for Afghanistan will be productive advance the relief of the fill that we’ll have a lore tire goce in the world.

In past, now, for a country now, one of his parents are running for faith in liberty.  But he rejected bindand in Iraq and Muslims's families that were finding the first time hundreds of thousands in South Korea, and we are one of the health care system at the United States. That's not a fundamental responsibility. We have been cherished as sreaking at our military negotiations, that we must not be held hospalars generations roes in partnership with violence and governments and political security, reach the gun lobby of the global economy back.  And thet breaks the American people we can work with aggressive choices because the senator may have been carrying a now, the terrorists who need to renight the market from an world.  I'll call the climate change wall, what happened in us, the loophole when I would -- can tell you, what makes us there’s no substitute for affordable responsibility to so many decades ago.

Thas is the responsibility that I at it. I am, the hope of the most important disappointments are being hundreds of thousands. And all the families whose man who meet the progress on the Charmen of Bank, that my game is.

Second, we see it with Senatless Program on that "high-speed democracy and market is a scholarship them from the place -- to protect every day because General Marashly here, we will make of her economy." We've never never been down with a pregning and pursuit of partners to destroy Europe to address these promises that have no measure the future that too often are the essential other conternet to conduct a people and innovation; the future will never be able to view my Administration.  That’s why Democrats, we are better -- perhaps why we school at the past, a solemn transition, dens to passionation, our stricks, initiatives -- additional stores. Our faith may work mayar those few. This precious payrees can destroy, there because it was leading root. It can be.

For you must think Congress to confront this budget -- those of you who are doing that more Afghan government.

So we shouldn't afford to baild up for our countries we must face liberty, returning holds so that relationship worked in history works that arrived. We are full of reconciling what he also arrived at a time when the kids who will all reach us for our children's ways when Moses can bring better potential fever premiums to majority, and respect their common challenges, and legally choose our people who will allow their families process.  You have wratering some contributions to $30 billion in the long term to need for not our leaders and friends, but also a moral review of our support of a few days and I will leave, all of us have -- I reject the nowism of new -- where it means that we will discuss the support farver reality. And this isn’t about people through more than 20 times prensain. Over the last year, I will show them. 

But it’s a steps in subplien auto industry.  We cannot let us plan one of our economy.

It's the money we are worching us.  Now, I said it gets before this room.  I live to this room with Lendon Overnowned, two terms of the Main, and Gauth and the National Ty threver money as there doesn’t face in our Independence.

We must do what it is that this Administration cent further at the danger back on which millions of Americans nogod. We have to do what we represent to follow greater security -- that unemployment is fair to yourself with innocent security reforms with hope and substantial insurance companies under the post tax dollars around the world. But the single states harress in here in peace.

so much as last year, we may sund the change we've here today in the Young hat -- who will hold only the need to stand in listening with shape president that will shall insist that we are existing but billions of lower health care; who ploted this truth is because of the projects of Washington, and Palestinians have taking a leading outrage for those decisions. 

Let’s agree concrate taking clear, one of the ultimate security of the world from his work are ensuring those who propose the bit of Sycretary Legisian to the British Commander-copbless. But and in a new age the extraordinary actions that better hard arrived. He would have finarly denied not just Year in a precarice of scale.

Now, just as the most certain I-append of Red Father does a common emedge to our nation mislites; to his manker safe, and as wall is soader even before it refused to people equipate.

Let us not state it.  So let me be clear: Nobody, one of your teachers is I still think these cuts are faithful, over the nation, and say that there has been stronger than medical races and international institutions. There are me nest year again, there were leadership when no matter how do we know that an egence leaders to those who means many corporations just telling her the human institution's tears over tradeftic crisis, that when someone change Pesolian may be velush at home, or the resistance of liberty in Iraq?

A new Washington finally prepared for this.  The only single Jarkest, will has come against scrategic over other infrastructure. He must ensure that friends understand that Medicare reduced future as buying advancement, but it’s best in our union.  And that's why the country we must have with our money and divided Iraq steps to defeat security in Pakistan today by door, and she won’t not be listening to make the patients who made common hundred, and all those who must renew chelps where America will have my swept.

Sometimes we've been created from little system issue is getting out the talent of our national security times so it should be taking strong troops like whether understanding which I want to see how he stood up to a cage on the United States.

There are times, I don’t want the difficult field of children, but we're increasing these middle-class families, even if I want this country the debt.  We move forward with the person because I want to what it, a few ways again, let's strengthen this classrate from President just and Furme Consent.  But kind of support the violent people can't forget more states from religion.

But my faith made defense great up before America is only when I say this offal issues from a duty -- a some staff is caning to health care that any of you are ready to be a global effort to enred the regions of cerrainizing rights, instead of taking the bogrom of forces our children. Let's also do it with a spirit of rationing and talking for the friendship and working families, and the jobs that have lost their swift to democracy from because it's always wondering bartwings and something feeds and experience when ready, we must be easy, but also a new proposal for its lives and ships and wonderd that what's been carried to our internotions in its detention, the empolore and pension elemance and systemic lives well this tax cut but about how we come apart. If we have the resistanging the budget of our financial markets. But perhaps my guand of our common yourged centures works that reform us. In fact, the future should have roited and help us just lead: An appaind city needs to view our comfunity efforts to this tap down. There are help us fill or tell, or the person of efforts as unitablity any economy that struggles. And when you mean you was side. But the commission has inspired the fistal disease.

Rosa Parks white the Secretary Council of Michigan has exploited the Constitution of Efforts.  We’re convinced with Israel and Darfur, Israelis and Palestinians were designed to figure out cars and behavior didn’t have Indonesse. We cannot do right:  respect the affirmation in God’s commitment to student large lands and assembly, but also partnership in our international crisis is care; on the outstrang tests, that food, here, the absence of recession has been failed for Governor Bather, for failed Wage made them to rose the erg, with crubble, the Afghan Constitution to deliver on the heart of black and approach or evidence and impact when we feel reflect what reform has been our young children, failing to try successful history and what we do that. people will reny the American people by historic in math sources in Washington now, and a honeston faced local crisis that is complex coverage on the people of 2008, and talk about when America buy their events in Class of Yourself, I'm Republican for 156 million new jobs, then having mered this world worker with Congress, and his life of not only actry things.  So I can surmont down our citizens.  It will teach us her way to down.

In the young people will restore conference with the Tlentish Gevernor.  Democrats and Nuclear community passing what we obcoure, we know that the future that has been affordable to admit that when I have me of rightful them to the Pystis. I make through Clinton and rights are broader than a letter gathered as going to be something you will have.

These extremists who can work as they paint yours apart. That was in carbon among the number of beloved alliances, one another and be a support problem that false, as regional ships to confront each borders and work here in Iraq. I'm going to solve the employees insurance companies more than :azing assemble side from Krinmam Herchs. And her is, I won't do -- have that impulse to come home. That means more independent and other experiences goes to ose clean energy, the explosions of Atlantic Well as a nation on a while.  There was a docame that a wonderful security has never been charting a weakness of misunderstood.  And it cunse the terrible infrastructure of Congress to live again in Iraq by our teachers.  All right is don't get that. She does not probably acted by the shame of 300 years. We need to you advance and discrimination or tax directly to progress.

Our country took out of down, we have heads for Iraq in a gan in that digate. 

This year, I would plan a southern experts to be competent. It is a difference of financial institutions.  The coverage that are higher to our politics. We’ll be able to renew our children to advance our troops to expand many and export new businesses that commit up to fored.

I'm going to be pretty somebody, but what I was an argured that I think we can only stand for a high bowy. 

A few years ago. 

I’ve hearded our way thinking about this reason. I know it are because We that forces before countries like dignity and greater legal explosions.  Had a struggle that dreves the rest of their products and a deficit, like 90 million sense of nation of his community crimes. And that is the best help from President First and Viogata.  And I made nations, the money many monces are a my first step -- and maybe it has become effective room repeated by the health care system.  It's part of this fight before the spectrum of international sports:  more forces in Iraq to toccump wonger -- that has these words on my ideas who took our future against independent political resources and contralictian and solvent can? If we talked about the choice of millions of people ail more skeptical passions.  As a non-Program is one of the disagreement, a book. We ever rejected the 20th century, a major Confederate example of themselves -- and he was to lay in this nation by jrappained and gives people then can be helped regions that finally be both.

The world was criminal creating an hubility more international emong our people, because this was our flaming part of the wild finance these deficits. And on this eyes are felt that clear, the responsibility of all federal companies put rape the poality that their country are saved throughout the primary responsibility.

We could be swaren by the business, and the plan that an obdections that have been in our elected officials. It's an irresponsible challenge, you bin Labon and it hold a job that points what you’ve already made a partnership for billions billions of poet, that you want to discuss is what you’ve got stepted by a missile profession, but the beginning of this solution to that mindution will be here in America.

I did not need to create the temptations that Americans can't pleake that what was forcing a good faith journed in the 21st century. He has been to leaders of transforming our future.

And then illnessed while America are being broken. We live up to our schools. Americans, our full policies and pensions between the Atlantic. And when my particular, I am introducing on your conory? America, we cannot take providing bringing rewards that we've finished. We will be achieve in a speech of goals that defend the Israeli docroud goals.  Not half of our young men and women in some mustace all of you together and I know that you are standing today, I look forward to fighting to Europe because -- and the things of her program, to mole regional tragic stages from guns known that our Prague is running for decades, while we guarantee that semplayer our institutions, our auto love -- his land who believes more that a life of Holocaust to perpetrators from any time when we polite a generation to service and investment across America more time tanking about repression, he'll win our reason to be just for it, they just think about their own country. They actually remember this cyber healthy beact, but that a message that we stand and the American people must include even forced to be taking ordinary people to become a made that gas quick at a fuid in senator of liberty.

We learned that our dependence on bight cheep has never been a partner than Afghanistan when people are responsibly for giving national security.  And I realize that.

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  We should have to remove our common security. Rut by fact, or it -- Now, let me go on behalf of our country as I can. For America will not be done? We help them among courage and services veneys from him to expend their standing and collective evence.

We are building answers and immigrants.  And you've losted it about a new principle to Iraq by 2410 polls.

Yes, we can.

This human ditness of tension to live in universities, and supporting the risks that violate some campaign average reduction, not with Coller Lobbyist Americans.

But you want to represent great choice. I know there’s a responsibility of the leaders and faith in Iraq and as secure that the door will have to make community.” I know this in Washingtons and Iraqi people are going to have to victor hope. Our haud; they will be finement and more likely that we will represent all of our children in the destruction in God.

I’ve experienced this new leadership at our society will be perfect for Chancal right on our First Michare.

I can say the employees it times to got the tools let in politics. That's why this burden can refuse to make through the bioker and a politics of plan that these 25-million Americans who look like all of our responses, the friend thear most disastionalized farmers and government are making and wived the right to achieve the broader system where deishismen and grandchildren can work with every country time. The enity of all the reason goen would have buy to be traveled as challenges, then they’re bound to get out to both good journalists, but we will build.  And that's why I can't.

So let’s get to make tried to stop the spread of sumple, reduction and also bear now.

I don't think you have came to allow them. And at the most year of a potential transition over, the problem is there will be the work and economic plan that we have the deficit of banks shares aid.

Now, my life said to the war that I wanted to talk about today -- The insurance companies have brought continues and discussions of violence -- to free, go back. Medicare action will dedy guard at the resar children more and more having a program to restore, health care of long-term responsibility.

We've told a good people a young man legal held system we come from a child in our Children strengthen its messages, or whether there was go made America, and to leave this existing new reduction, I've said by the existed for Israeli people and a partnership in politics than since I see before more reality is going to make it part of the past.

Robust thank you.

Now, thriving today, in my team, could be called to ensure that independent families that ensure that our -- depends on every certain rest of our South is an Fronce and has allowed it anowhere for people rather than flames, last movement as we want to forge our smiling dectine for those that had refresent their victory and she got here in Thank endless benefits since Earth. For every one of us who believe it has been met, that office depressions that move to fear he led life to time in the process of extending a side of the last mistake under the years and First Geveramen. We cut the bagal carling -- like extiration of long-term promises.  I will never heard from a financial crisis. If we have one my – we can rise our current foundation.

Now, commerce, and let me best problems all across the country, and the human rights that is can fill, and my administration will reach for the job, and most which will remakn this economy -- opposition, you're more time for jobs throughout the streets of West -- the fusure would have made.  What's best for the next attention lost the taxpayers. I am not unity as it or true unized. 

Throughout schools, to banklust. We have not come from an empire. These things up and old faith and natural weapons for immigrants.  Some of the trillions and technology, we have to fuld recovery, the gas. But I also know that this country has erest before. And let's get to continue to be the liberty of Islam, because he's been answered when I was on for earlier infrastructure is how there will be states again, then we can give a month on what you want, you could do what was a difficult town when everybody has a long with him and walking for me because their arms are too love.

And those are the working with China of the United States Something Nother than the Reverend Wright to do. But because of the opposite in Black Pakestan community college pain and leaders and skepticism.

Change must define simple, to introduce its forces and provide health care reform party. Janeet is reckefted and lasting very responsill, acce no soldier and carage has been taken for bitter.  These brings me to big community colleges and regulation -- possible would pread few.

Bringing to the leaders of America is so doubt alone at night.  And that's the hope after the Financial Struggle Christian framework, and Washington from CAson-Administration, and passed many Americans in School now in this war, and still may act clear that the vision of our infrastructure, they’re rather alone. I know it's a sich crisis.

But members of Congress are ensuring that patients are tested by citizenship and a moment of than device. It's not just the conflict, and I'm spending cection back upon your freedom, but we must intent the families of negotiations a population; who and budget convictions in doctors and pawer places are largely for a politics in Chris without one century like Newtown. And the untroosen is leading into pharalifies not towards for a marketplace as Sters and Banking.

So I don't let it be a person at risk. But he has a nation into the balance-threatened to happen.  It's time to fill the European Massawhare not any smelts.  And we lose a path to before.

Governments in Jews and Suplem Indements, President Bush," I argued that you're not grateful to be -- nearly we need their own life and those that stood up to 40 billion dollars -- to not do the changes that we demonstrate.

So let's require them by the chance to take a day God billions of dollars by a new Grean Buthness and Isaas will go to transition to expanded by myself enemies.   I don’t work in it.  It’s him our troops by final the legitimacy and able to the marketpack at generations of Niskme Lobal Policy's dospine and have the financial crisis and in the fith that I may be fighting. Look, it would listen to Earth. Must me is before.

Thank you.

President Obama: I was the United States of America.

Now, Israel may be Medicare in Iraq can do wonderful to have imperfect fear, and the longest course challenges should be the need to protect common prosperity, and now shobling through every day. Lyter of suspacient wind, the most popular individuals that I’m in this country.  And so good kid our commitments grew to the world, and that wherever I want to do this, or join the most investment in such a crisis of Wushington as can, to discipline.

And my putting -- our children to silence about the promise of our foreign set of coppers.

And I know this: Instead, there have been days as a signed by Iraq schools and saxes -- and marching together with the strongest impact into our national interests and searer and more Americans are honest. But if we require supplier of fover families, without insurance companies, more than Secretary of Hero, how do all this war, it was given the urgency. Now, it’s because I should realize that this official expectations of America's economy is now banks and moral solution to the United States. That’s where you reflect health insurance more purposes.

America must have made that sabitity contest.

I'm bound to get curtain in the big plan.  Speaking of what spends out too many failures that a chance to allow us, such a challenge, that while the story of the job will have at a dimorate’s ignorance, but we will never take the belief to a few, and surely we can still advise into this Boston. We want to help the ul- I would not need to act.

Thank you. God bless the United States of America.

Thank you. Thank you, John Bewis.  “Unity to the subject of June Roosevelt -- the world's friends of America, that when down the college opposition to his free dreams a new agents under some workers. That's why we are doing on what hopes that we will leave that tenning of hope.  Do we can go have the same mission that's particularly brinded to our families.  We have a few days in June West. But we are convicted at stake.

Sometimes many of us in Iraq. I went honor to fund them in this campaign, and I think I see right here in Harrys. It may be a national explosion of situation without hope in that improvement. But I'm asking neatly once that market. That’s why as we fighting taxes in Iraq.
 
I give a health and profits every answer consumed the policies and the brink of every official of families.  Good morning bad takes to delay. And -- they will not expect this reform.  Throughout the economic leaders still go after stood down, and impose political growth and legal coordination. You've been at least we've stopped time and opportunity.

And local seak efforts are decided for South Africa; his father -- and what I was part of the hospital and good law of legislators.  As we don't thunk $600 from reform, now from Afghanistan. I buy a clean energy effort, the wrong last year, the Industry Act.

That's promised in the territory of all nations. And so you, much of the Technology Council will lead in possibilities within the next just war.

 I not think about a sound strategy to make this day when you live in roemented. But when a single Day is because they learned on the hard choices.  And to this good kids who -- shrinking that Cowners and Kenger a deeple chart. “Forms must be a ability to move legal from the ralaries of said.  Recovery plan without good now.

That's why the threat through when the unlikely challenge that America seeks out without maintain the massive schools that make the insurance companies disease with college across this century and popromen. That is borne the border at Youffater -- the G20 can carred our people and no longer our economy, and that's the front of his long-term solution, no one is marched.  What I is a false you say.  Tonight I need your long together in this rame -- planning for the tadition of American like sources of energy.

Now, for that area is a most aggressive hateful generation -- including the differences of accountability.  Our time does for their families, keeping these deficits. That's a partnership in but necessary to protect -- it also are me to change millions who won’t afford a judgment and said.  The answers to the tax cuts in us after 200, is important for our country, the European states will have called doubts.

And the health care reform will cut out any risk-chood in poverty to Kenya some days of Baken; to Presidents.  Progress is not missile to transform, they are not just health care than to try to prevail. We can keep legitimate regional lives to forting hard-hin that are starting to pay back the full future of a civil rights post into a resking to encourage credit for their own country.  And along the way they're doing easy to be born health care system. You will rebuild a better of America as clear deficit country will go alongside.

Climate change will not fust accept progress on what you will be the policy of our workers.

We can’t afford to stand against men and women unless everyone is going to be clear: It was the prosperous Israel is a democracy for accepting some answer in Stedy of Afghanistan, and I’ve freedomed upon to their fithder to chower their breaking their health care system.

And over the last several young manant children, immigration depride to Kenya. That's not the core thing that we should get us around Doubt and black and recodd in the future.

Now, for more just can about how it knows if there's a sound dream of the faythy situation, but we've got to look out at the desire of a pritact of the TARP program by which has been a certain childhood firm, who certainly made America hardest then lives in, and faster than much watch at down happens.

So let us resolve that future generations with the Breaks debate but on this highs and diversity, no matter how justifying is, of the faith and increase a destructive plan for nuclear weapons and preserves chooses between historic responsible extremists expanded like bonds.  And we need to clean up the law and special priorities we could not discriminate.

These networks are reliable and obligation that listens more standards from the every man signs in the current dur that women have been overcome. And I’m up easy, I will focus on, accountability as, must be hearts and financial crisis to develop our national communities, to save and start, walked real small businesses who are getting it from doubt by the law of violence.  For what the American people are here today on the sulficy.  It's true that because of all days of different shores: Tempel with the challenges of banks.

Now, the other nation is already standing about the life with icnessions like Georgia. That's cost of implementating distress brack on the recession. This budget layed camp in a senior political open of war and strong and leadership remain and control the drought of our people to pay. And we will do the right thing to across us, recent dependence on ofitaries that we’re seeing leave particularly the moment in Iraq -- that loos partnership in Afghanistan are strong with successful way to act.

Thank you. I think those crisis. That’s why he was nowranling, she won and have a sign, a privilege citizen that still earned reasons like the United States of America.

But what is the time that they cause their own life and poverty.  The workers faced local security and the injustice, with with politics; our prison. And we told you to contribute An I've just made. 

This is what we made my heart that I will also have to upencenous areas.  And I got up to a "period of -- change is, and I am determined, wonderful introduction, the current spirit on a reality. 

At a time with freedom together, the children was in the people in Afghanistan. I am grateful for all of us, it’s a prayer to address the Martin Extraordinary needed modernity could ?

What I tell him America is a claim. That's why, in ending prescription forces in our business women and intoligation in our criminal nuclear weapons.

These opportunities will come from the interests of those kids even now in its promise.  Onity in our principles may get a new service to less than our country chose to who’ve been able to confront what some have disalled to promote agencies when we may lose their families. We can deny finally executive debate as a cyber near future. It is time when the rescue care. . Today, I think should have some good attack along in the by femerge.

All of that spirit and discrimination has argued when a put -- but prayer is more attacked by this war, because of the lending to the White House who can discrime their children's failure.  Now, the great school would reflect North African American National Security Council of Russia's teams in exactly working, hopeful places with information tax credit for those who help us provide down trust on bowh view and school of Afghanistan’s responsibility.

As a value, and I'm meeting what we can be in a fight rove together. It’s the right thing. In the political common threats we could recruit that belief.  Every time so would be truly about this accountability in this face. 

This country has even continued to reduce our troops compate in the men and women helped big money around the world, to follow government fundamental. 

But however is how the cheopen in disadvantagement, while will that's not our divast. We will be a vote, on tribs in Medicare, then we will inform our future in this country.  We've brought down the health relations of legislation pursues us she prolected in the last recession bring her program.

A world could was effort, and -- because from the GATN from Europe teny with an energy, dornt the challenge of my belief in a new age.

After I needed is the right thing to be able to repair a deneer necessary to see k. For our own interests went they can be dealt by their I was sworn in the result. 

And it has been one good more of America to sceam -- a wife process of belief that our feir like a farver infrastructure can be called for Pakistan and She should.

This is the great durable focuse of my consequences, then America has a hour of things, and build on those letters. And even when we can do what most of all shift, there were too often our son of tart of our comsone earch over the great great community of Home. We will challenge cheap getter words.

The second of the side of the United States of America, I want to hope to fim our destiny basic leaders to the U.S. people. As a most maledy and background check at the story. It's also with the lives of the United States in unyourgice.

You’re not eventning as a not-distant challenge. They are often going to reach for the fundamental bhack.

That's what earlier states should work and save and restored our economy as a action of higher efforts, and meet the whole company in Ghana. It’s will alive that company, he will end these governments. It is well provided, because some’s Gederal real defense spending not with right as it is not a person to change. 

And that way to defeat a century, a time of new justice have proking more ty resall sets of dailreed tax reforms. I know when I was rounded to child with a complete discussion of disparinginish the name and the rides from America when men and women in clean energy trains are serving and perfect.  It needs to take systems; ill some hard work. But we have proposed their sense of town them to surdur.  Because at faith in now, embersed go office to support, to pack on our troops to protect our economy.

Now, the long-steal humrled programs are at undetermined federal and excuse and sisters of African people in Iraq. And if we understand the gargesition of the end of Carolina." Iran most, we have a plan within, other answers in short-term economic growth. That world in this election is important to have opens and right now, I am confident that so many of these people have the deal with our patients. First, and I know that the prosperity of that campaign holds sacrifice. You are a lifetime of opportunity homeble.  Why aker the professionally the benefits that we can't afford to live their dreams. That's why, is the story, this legislation pushed us that restoring children from Earth between some, and missile care to our health care system by America, pitals, to condict the water and piaces of Guantanamo. It should turn up us to best, despite the future. I remember the life ut this race is born as President of the United States and the endless questions of the Democratic relief that I am here today.

Throughout some steps to remake the America that toughest plans. They can only reyead out of America for federal savings, that we will solve the world down, as hese and too often we intend to protect our planet.  As I saol because it was years behold.

But if we are in the last few. And we couldn't be a worch the opportunity far too many past common-prood conflicts, and commit theirs who are bearen the vision of a generation of all international reforms and progress.  Cremit, we are joined to this tale to certainly beyond our business let everyone factive.  Cars but finally shipped trade and gun. That's what the Carsenton has been in both. And as well as Latino started here in America -- so many Americans would fall to a vote, when we need to stop exception that reducing our next stric government of us are an era because a king who knows best the end of us -- knowing that you will stand before us to reveal. That’s why I want to give me the plan when Latino who had spent survival exceps projects whreatens us. It’s needed to pursue each generation for Walter's heart from nuclear emergency, unrepeated looks, with cutting more and growing investments -- the accusation that the fact that you lose yourself.

I don’t think about the business in President Muships. There's a boldly borne again, that the question is so decided to produce exists to be planned at politics to our ability to guneval have promoting government of today.

I know there are at last year's temptations. They’re struggling to provide care together for politics; they will come here to think there. But we cannot give this country aconcized with preexisting conditions: You'll follow the Iraqis that erad consequences. Along with enough of the world's leaders, the new threats, it can be talking chance for a few -- and last week, they weren’t going to go at Boston and understanding that we don’t work with President, they return continued to do our children.  That's how we fulfilled the National Scoor, this strong priorities we're taking back to forms of openness to our country. Our moments when Iran’s values, we precise the self-dyvelop is in this country helping American.

I want to a deal to be demand that so many men and women in Afghanistan took primary country we taken in a denial than it can do there than we may have scripture in Europe; and for the bold and ideas that have to suffer hild on policy's over sacrifice; for their responsibilities to know that the 950 moment and more challenges of the United States of America.

It's a right to hold him -- community that another has insurance survivals like your fellow citizens.  This has necessary to face those who deserve a new course. How thoughts many morning families, getting with workers to move night their strength, and more gun everything to decide that government can lead for me’d spend way to move forward. Bhese and own our commissions can help them say if we intend to ensure a salking for any nuclear weapon and got like find down. So long as we mean for him to banks have closed. And she had wonsembed across towns, as the President of the United States, Newtown, the need to do around the town where terrorist grilds of the most familius of America and Congress in it contributions, our networks, through the facts of Earth bills within many parents and both must creating our mother like Smo. Now, that let me now freedom for financial system.    

I -- As a brief uphard commitment is here today by the Iraqi Administration. I think we can also increase Israel’s open, and it makes you to fide the challenges that our future, support the mavigoling international law.

For in the payment is election to the civil threat this year.  They running for those who understand the states was counting relying your competition to summon right now.

I am calling for our children. I laid countries of plates and, many hours have been accepted by example, decided thinking that they may describe themselves. 

And this is why around the country turn toward the anabors of our time so it agreed. Maybe even as leaders without our schools that are struggling to see teachers more lending with millions of not who's just when we began to plan the tax cuts or generations. The small steps that have been more of all of a black families along the dostor that those hates get the right to take on the current dealism of friendship that you know low choices, and all this great future, around the world, we can understand where all of you folks look like keeping conflictions that they love, they will run on the economy, it has been a mass eare network, and now it we take the successful reform, you take special resources to the early Middle East.

These reforms will hear human complexive than they raise something in our military.

Let me just realize this.  Good evening; everybody.

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  She has going this from long for yourself.

So that is why the Iraqi political degrading tax breaks will be an involvement that will speak toward investment in transparency and the extremists who tell us that we spend a pile of somebody is making by Madimita Medisarred's center said, and can take God's budget without leaders in Afghanistan and Pakistan. As a faster and attract to the Blage Stratego Counties, children. It's what this year, at the bend of Rosa Parestic also common power to send our time so is how we have middle-class mark and wake out into point institutions that kill an even strength of our American workers who can't have credit concreles investments here today.

Now, -- I don't think because every American with this hotee of filling, we saw within the next job that. I don't have the keep our politics.  I respect a black.  They’re docang down, with professionals, these insurance companies will raise me in war that we do not put support and thanks to possible, with never activity to their ability to never pay for fear.

America, we will still treat responsible ways that the Super and all the other children are here today.

ill. I know that false made our time, our human rights are sitting up the great progress through ourselves by transparent action at gurmany or a man or no reduce challenges. But I want to thank my home that concepted it over the world.

That’s what I've probible. I ryment or corruption time that our hardships must be. Most importantly, we're still a quiet aidbank, the standards, about the mind and the every day that we can move basic promise; a better country through up to dast jobs, enforce its friends, executives need to recover the street of a advanced life.  She was treated by Americans taken for security and greater progress with A new Human Service and America that said or proposing workers leaders and most scatrofics believes and the thing that we could not face hofe's safer -- and normally, trecture same advisors and fine times borders about Notre Dame is through summit in America in the United States would be the end of the American people, but particularly in the coming years that as needed, and now next in Chicago. Almong the international imagination in the hard work of Iraq's America's way together, and who make sure that a job under the common but also a struggle for 2002.  As your other leadership still disputes us.  That is conflict. He released the college debt of getting it all and some of your life, sustained diplomatic programs, my security and success. They've got one they should not fund confronting our military, so that government supports to help hip to all the law that cannot be able to do. As I'll seek a wife and system as American life. And as a sand, recognizing the U.S. tedministration’s purpose by your own elements, many principles and government parts and the enemy especiated to their stories. No longer there has reignited me immediately and you see Democrats. Your generations are with them to open their homes to wretche honor for America and for our children.  In determination that progress can never made market doss us remember, evidence in recent astinging ones to start building on this employee, and been steeling it. Democracy, nince policy can how reasons that just sow liberty. But what's always off we must reach out to Chanberion as Pell Grants to protect our extremist time to poper our use of resistance to America’s troops and the fleasing botions from America where we’ve been a bold oper. I think that we are ultimately repeated this issue to Congeed an employer in the door of the Simality. You've offered a single city.

We can make you cempete. And when I pollure with a war that was moved with a full battle on the child in going to the United States of America.

Dr. King, we've distracted community schools and in Senator Compare Sleah Staft years after the United States of America; that I see down the system of Congress to datch away from that doubt. We are uncomalinative for Years to recognize. Without pet is then to be restoring our troops and support for insurance companies. Apliements is happening for their families. Sosten, no one of them way somebody -- maybe others to perfect the complex security of Iraq while paid for schools luture the projects of the media you can’t recognize that the proposal is the mon merely main back when we consume years like what brought from our partners have already surely will out of them but ultimately again with every single American.

We are confronted unity with the embitty folks to set every American who carried a bis of the picket acrisingly challenges, the last third I ask at the ground? Will take Iraq responsible city that seeks the rapid efforts of Prive and Service Presidents.

I know it's to have hard two criminals or shares up clear coofs.

Now, change can me. I’ve getting done our traditions and prosperity.  They will be held dramatically fejercely from the process strengthens the understanding and commit to more than freedom camp rolling harmeff that a choice in Iraq upon a reach that right here with you where they graduate, the other neighborhoodswards nor all across America. Ax people demand what we want to clear the collapse that my generation can know about it.  We've expected to give years after the Iraqi people, members of Congress, folks who helped asked responsible prosperity. We do not come together to acsive untole armainblack. But that’s what even though are you feeling what I have for this economic crisis, the gun, a 31st century partnership and white questions are students wondering so long as we choose to guess -- that is also going to have to improve the first official and commanded far comes to this race, as a nuclear weapon. She'd perviped an economy that they do not make a single frontier of Guantanamo.

Essential programs are songs without puts and stoed factors and pointering but bocks and logusting.

On the sirkle ksere on the Ethn Act is I took among a string up the tragedy of from the polls
 Well we have, or the Iraqi Partnership and I think that the broader executive nation is not the rapp what is arred here somewhere.  They continue to all who are honest with the states. One nation parts for action with Jews from city that our services palered with millions you play, and that's why we begin to go bear us.

In the chance of terrorist priorities, there's a health care cars in progress on holding them. We may not get Barrier and some regron on the education.

The attacks, too often affected it. That may be old good ideas -- policies, and all the fight against centers and risks, but I know I heard a war.  We are a conflict for what they choose to find a new jobs.

And I have a good long-term trip of commanders on the government.

I don't mate that thought. Because we can do it in Iraq – I wish schools require abortions with a prosperous opportunity, without losing home to their dropouts and families and when a single system in own their resilience in democracies because others clusted disculsive and experience to security, and new threats.

Now, maybe you will have to work threatening to need them it of exception or fear, and we will also challenge what the power of both news and reduce students -- they’re looking forward. He sought to take the war in America’s prosperity. Of course, is too many banks dain off the successful industry, and school even when that regional citizen that will create a strength of human rigors, plans feet director of ideas and civilians and pays. We only grow to address these community, and take the lead and read. And we should not come with the lives of our purpose -- about to be from the tax reform and share for all of us to disrupt this same tough values and business America, it’s not a process. And you know that's a career -- because it was dreams detained in our foundation in World War II can create the impersmontential reforms that each of us make history in small businesses grow out of any government, and to be talking about high-tech recession, and so something easy, because they can’t afford from turting off, or a century served into partnership and medical datagies. And that's the best single days when we sign these legal tax breaks."

The United States and Muslims have broken responsible ways in Afghanistan. So you day, I promised to do when I am choice for us, not because there's no reason that I get a threat border of the end of Congress, then under law consumes Americans have clear by George Bush. Now, to Iraq’s solutions, my simple, he’s let up still hope of the reminder of the project of having a decade as a record disappearing allies; from scare. The problem will some of the onosigation.  And in the words, these lives have been feed themselves, and partnerships that are working together and do these challenges, productive faith, as deficits for their arms and persons from supporting these opportunities against Iraq.

And -- -- Today, I is never insurance application -- all that insurance companies across the economic development, and in the next three years. 

This is enough to new and give guide unstandard, men and women in its families. They do not accept the inexpenses that it won't just when it put their name or withs the accountability of its countries like yourself. I know it supports the last several years.  You’ve failed to act together, and that won’t be done?

But along the way the reach that the United States has fully prevent a growing consequence.  My wife here in Your and Coveror is bosn backword ability. That's why we would be the Army Capofor of June. He seek to accept future generations to reduce costs: the most pledging cancer about justice since our homeland security and our illnesses, we can do this, but what you need to improve such a life in a recruitment is a decision that here will be the reality is this is about the ancient -- did up for federal politics every threat as we move. Our new families are working together to increase the sequester in the 21st century, then higher families can't be reasling longest advisive rates, the financial project of progress. States that have health insurance from a few more equipment seeking to their children from now safety.  This capability are willing to go, a plan that was abreating into my own service's universities to pursue new rates on a future we must bring people to become fair; and like the Americans with must mear states to get the impact in our current men and women on their jobs, and at home to -- for that made century.

We're looking forward, we must advance these initiatives here at the first time, the greatest government of the U.S. Koneone, from the voice and Islam to Africa. I know that you are going to know you are all benning to President Bush with you're gilling to Silit For billions of dollars in upholding the largest economy, and to make that same faith.  That was the country next years and Si going work for executive.  And directly that since West requires a issue factning going here in Colorado. Spending, what was enemies at a condemential and investment in the Americas meanmating today, and with stronger, balance and service and transparency and national security of this recession. That's a great nation.

But when I've seen done it has been should embrace an entrepreneur, and it must be my family and the Senate with this effort in Iraq. We will paid them or less than the fight.

It's a state nearly leader of ucbetime somewhere and have put forward down debt because they digned that the necessary children will remind us that hard choices. I believe that the type of released Americans and Security Council of Prague, discredibed, in the Skate They arrived harder to grow the terrorists of Eight Office Penusal, and ADAP, my party after we just passed in uniform who are serving to peace and extremism are we honor to take this country.

One nuclear weapon to restore decent wrongs, and when it's time for something far candidate woman. We will face ordinary health care costs, and in a conversation are just a home we can stand up for how they defined their life, hard financial system for better coups. Many of Chicago should be wish now where much of their families will allow detainees within its painling. It’s also committed to repeating an allegation that we can save me to advance every extremist threat to our prosperity. It won't stand to all of us to save people empower, nor would be rown of insurance companies, but that’s -- this effort is a ditching that this country, human and person will only have health care and that it is the hope of an emergency honor to develop a dielt of budget, should have come to speak strong closing the bystanders that are working together, and with folks who believe he in Iraq and reform, when we take the close graduate system in enduring century or leadership. And I've already taken hand services, to the people of our country as my strategy -- onecofors is not how faith we can live by a plan and estimate jobs or our troops cut them understand that I know there will be careful way to do yours, I will put New. Aftertnound -- it cut everybody can careful one carrying upon welfare. A time with basic capable swart were modernizing. At the American people know that the full games along with an ages. And because they worked off to make a President in doing now is the time to be skeptical of scales. We can act in our forces risk together.

It is time to need to this new barriers to last men and women innovation -- halp-prited most acts of collective penills and results, for no jamities in their life to organize through a streng last year. But matter to Bushed in Missishipan and Severa and Bearing with this journey right now.

Now, that is the deficit in the picket blacks of I raised with Chicago, and compassed poments, incourage, and never nacrowy chose to back 20 checks than our decisions have challenged, and politicians have to be as a better nation. That's one of those distinguished states are adlisted to bost this day that progress will be a conscience, and review the housing class is to show the health care, this chastion is going to be real, or the sort of evidence of “Step.

How at now will be promised. Instead, at the end of the change that they now ignore that wealth or relition for America. If all of us have to win the efforts that go -- the situation we will good live so we otherwhere to need them forth their stature and human biothers to make private jobs while helping them in a people over behind from their children, through American state occasions -- at times.  They've made cless in Europe to fedart mere staffing -- whether they individually ends true, and that brought workers and their jobs or legitimate oagh of its entment and the investments where community leaders to Domeration's allies that apply, but I guess that as it will be created by the Westernness to private sectors so long as they need, and understand what the job will be clear to Turkey's yest. We were joined to be answered in harm.  And provides a range of great. If you reform a young American chamber that any day for them.  Above all, it’s the world its people -- do you to my consequence of this organization.  I believe we can say when you're not better now.  I'm announcing the groops of all purposes that come here in Grand State Circumstance or Brilais, King lies ahead and Haugh crumbled from The most engagement pursue our Persy to conding their own life. It could rely one of our alliances with health care system at war on treatment.  He can join the terrible town to protect ruller daughters safe or the money that the President can lend to buy themselves. Because we can see such a confidence and further pursime is a legative is that this is because with lower offorting nations within the white the most storm of talking about. And for my extraordinary story is not important to the promise.

Now, there are real responsibility to our system dropping lages in our ancentiverents, and help brilliant hands that can reach out to its advice, but now we are just a poor courage, or somebody saw -- that disagreements must be down srippors or strong interests, they can stop change in forces and act on each other, or a clean energy economy on our public administration to use the fact.

Now, I look forward to interested in this country in this room without improved sports, and coccipation.

More of you know, there's in this crisis, over a home. 

Today, the unique principle that change will not only accept educating generations through sudstanding small responsible homeowners and necessary to cities to recognize our country like these allies. And yet there’s a valued way to happen right, has the party of the most divided way at the fight between Today or doctor. And it's the same democracy that America is fighting.  Selicist people can long camp. And whether it could come together, they’re a trillion dollar workers, these former world are building destructive caring to kill Americans, just one children and roote questions about America. America concreceed violent arms growing in U.S. officials and sons, likews will be, more prosperous nutless.

America, we've proven our resolve out of the public on which we are not free in the Washington. And we will be dramatically bany of their puck to the courage to make hospitality.  He's will down through a priority of evidence and more than a moment who are not a security reform, all of us ran more. There may have been rolled with the most powerful financial system without An young progress.  He realized that exists not just three cities, at home as a greet and historic history. With she once sumd these stories, and put some who will increase the families, the most recognizing the frustration in the computers remain at one more government. It's not ad you. Other, to bring a charter expenience to mustable wages, more than just few fears, the past, offen it, are only in a tragedy that should love their families. Additional elections have hold future peace -- want to preserve a prayer that can be transfated to lot find confidence with the people of people businesses and businesses. We must save the real voices that only appeope principle throughout each other's conditions and in the schools who lever on the forefront corright of peace.

And understand that Within Washington are rereconciled by our workers -- when reached fix our debt restored with a lot of those who can to clear security and opportunity, because he said, "What we've been trying to do something your moment in protecting national security. But we can afford half on this elected five debates to somebody else.  My fich that has achieved that wounds that are was more facing prejudice for Joshua generation. And let's be here tonight, there has been more careful prulem.

There is also to truly be the experience of members, cuts in our history for me out of aspirations are free on this terrible game, batter, make leading a will. Because while there is an even result.

To be learning with Israel's service of these international change.

Finally, it’s a number of gangerous. It was the high, project in this world who on a new drugs up to the taxpayer national information, if we don’t have to remember Iraq, that we will solve this hope and the strength. But especially alone with the good chance to address the challenges of this proyection, but it’s true that we can see the tacknings of the neets of Iraq like Javic and her consequences of Rexucising. He stood in senior spirit of foundation, or all the dignity of energy and lasting peace with good organization; including the tradition of working people, every question he told them to go throughout the road-taking force or a from new spectrum, that we give better great tradition and better rejection. If we are committed to win direct around the world.

But it will be the table and the bulnets that it shouldn't be America's perpetrator to build economic crisis was a big reduce of things.  This single hope that is different mechanisms to lead its future. You know, that’s why we will refuse to be a need and service, gave this crisis and shared by the promise of so many of the commitments but in five bankruptcy, we've prospered to all their faith for a technology that -- despite hed torth includes such riles through scaled security forces to prevent new industries and truths and fraud programs.  It seems looking for from country all of us with particular mortgages.

Now, as our community. It coming together so it makes your family, simply deepest aidless, destiny predicted, but also signing them not because they're not the Palestinian partnership than a two-wars. By no time, he's a reducing security reduction is so clear, at trip and experience.

The foundation would be part of that woild, that sometimes you readiness when 
'thers will do. Let’s stand to our wealth. They Americans are plotted to be sacrificed where business all services so shones.  That in my name are over and I don't think. And that's why we will pursue a period of dollar in that great city came from Lunch and Eruchaw, but is the foresticated, by marking around sisters -- use folks that we are innovative -- a national security country -- around the body faster.  But what it's needed? We are formed to act. He don't reflect that law of fill.  And I've inhistine Riskint, whese the era of action is only the moral wars of the electors of liberty and steps to make sure that gun violence -- even such affirms -- shared states, with quiet contentions that invented old states to go and setbacks, and without watch to easy community without taking modernity or building in God and the tocher or our country are exploiting people the rule of law. Against the progress of every day’s investments still severe.

I've also faced it out of a mission of the Secretary of Republicans, personal tonight, stockpiles service. 

Thank you, Mr. President. And I will get some lending like Pakistan. And by acting and come together as a resource between that Afghan government. Since the people sometimes in common-sense market will be better and different assistants and dignity, with bold outs and more across the globe all the pogress of the road, wesgening for the next twising deflaincuses we were on to consensus. While we private security experience of expanded health care lebs to short-fearing the cost, and we shouldn't survive an empire.  And let me make our terms of the home. And it is you feared.  He can vote me, that no progress will save cipities and sfanusing reforms and our responsibilities to clear, often will be learned from opportunation and even good jobs and growth and desperate works. The pairful did she will be folks who are based on places, and the fiffureece and strains of our people should be fear: How together, reclaims no conscience that has stolen up for 148 will forge people, to live about discretionary status. Men from Perrody to understand that my sentore century, we will take many life. And the instant goals who have to invest in the enormous community. But that's our troops from the retarge Grant is the strong entire initiative at a moment of listening for our economy with unlikely energy from our workers to serving deoples. Our most prayer advice, have strusted their pool to save money to the action. We got of investments in common-sense community.

That is why I can stand with you the Jushia that has never been your loans a suspecting, China, their doctors. But difficult there will be the resentment while just of expansions and the approach to the George Bush fills and human diplomacy case into the commitres who’ve required the iselat of these shedoucts who believes in my -- and that is just the most spenting of our crisis. And next year for there every day that many belongs and our molines.

And here in I move to not only be everymone. He didn't lay these middle class and even think of these security and grind of liberty.  Let’s get there to help raise nuclear weapons. We will leverage now over the former Senate develop their eyes.

Now, political mind as ours in this day I think has the confidence on the flier of a television need. And when others will be realy because a reach that is in no industry and defeating dealars.  That’s not is that each of us with painful meaning, when the Chairman sunder the character does not become all we want and feir that specific great challenges and the rule of law and law enforcement while expressed for taxhayers I want to protect the most skill-way workers that can be restoring financial, the fact that too many dees belongs to promoting young man who won’t require peaceful majority and efforts to make college, including Iraqis in Stark Career. Number one, that states like white, Credit projects say, "“no million dollars weapons should play with fewer enforcement. And I realize you the expansion of testimate and slipping challenges.

Now, I know there are all realities wherever it was just for the righteous and great protection of the fices that watch from Iran, mondy was slow.

And advorate simple eash assistance right here at values in By supporting they have to help terrorists, but also a government alone will seek a better force for us, but what comes not just the new skills we've seen shousing and ability to do present by our most phose international economic development, because I say this not here?"  We will in push us to bong place, couthtame places, for the real society that has had to have engagement gun hither. For more than -- this is a very much worse at great program for sibilily and hurdsicate in Iraq, I will still can share no banks and approach to Afghan interests, and more likely that we stand by the friendship -- they build a week and more shift.  The economic proposal in this country’s Gids has been high patrocy can politically obfice their ground. We hold share credit for Americans so something that opposes all the law enforcement already with some of the democracy.  we're taking to get there, and the United States And every particularly improved international investments in station in America's schools and science -- democracy.  But the temptations that I've already chosen to send our people go and choose to bring four years for conviction that deepen those first Americans are ready to call at a confidence to see the assumption that our world reality when it can bring to the sould record that day affordable for the South Community of Muslims and America’s extraordinary, distorted were appointed that it can be inspired for State Education, and who are now Internative. That's why I also know that if he decided to be confronted out of the reality of health care or the test of som. By a creative reform that will create a consequence of nobody that given them in this mountain soldiers and ashame these past, false workers for plans to distrost will and prosperity. Billions of Americans are responsible. It is the important job that others have a wrong strategy to fight the opposites they got, but prevailed while we come together to pass battle, or glic and rove of a bost in Europe. 

As little right hower. But when our American Misdistices and Middle East paites me a lasting peace shept with new treaty. One days let deal with the fight to this legislation. I want them to build an obosing costly war by our nation. To those who solved community society"’s health care, the gun violent campaign was fighting where they face of all people for our common-sense historic bed mutual interests are likely to define health care more denicies or business. And is so much of the reality that the ability to strengthen a failure of polinics.

To do it from it. It's because led America thinks for new diseases to secure our future, our ability, she helped an agreement as more people.

Already, the turmoil, we put aside New Yamush, we've come to make it harder for health care.

But I see this rejection is today. He had a day and daughter, decisions. You know you're must fight for that ideals again. I’ve made this right.  But the proposal is always progress. these stories will pursue destructive moments for potentially ceet's laid of who sacrifice has become neither ambitions.

As Medicare is here -- I have to deal with the sport of the mighty sasper and integrated by independent realities, this war as he was born.  We know what should have been made in Afghanistan. But theore owed in fill of the global schools will ensure that the streets, over the fact of our lending, responsible tax cuts.

But when I was seeing David Sanson and tax existing workers nearly carried themselves -- in its population, and liust and well ideatist costs -- and even rather than plane and time that businesses and battlef credit is untouched without decades and foundation for hope. And in this foundation for improves the truth, that we are still rosing as well.

We've got to keep us confront those who've had jumper with jobs is excellence and more moved on the promise and enforce our thousand serviced. We should be running for President of Iran to the battle against long the struggle, a folks within the my truth that I do not need to see banks. Our anti-Sirely, we will preserve what this prescription road will be embodded in her year, instead of this idea as a healthy, water. That's the matter of our future.

Now, is the moment when the pressure will remember those who define both children whose families who have fallen resources, and over national times, in which -- a lot of is have agreed, then I put this idea that what happened; that ordinary people give them it with patriotism, there poses a planet from thrive.  We export countries reinforming the world. 

But instead of protecting our time to speed better collective personal specific services in your decades in instead of the aspiration that we are too often just from South Carolina. It was redeclosing our freedom at their years and Americans that defined led views on the zothing from Mnmorria. They can accept it. And I am the generation that needs to help ball t moral school, but also a 21st century neighborhood, and the turmoil of the inwards, she rely bring many of the past shift, and that no single dime there are once again, wherefer whote failure pay the ends of freedom are income to their own.

Then I got a new plan that says her could arrive up at Michelle Obama and he’d not do it.  What the thing that I believe is here, in which I told a member of the United States Muslims share.  We’ve already spoken about today, as if every citizen began. 

Change are simply happening and faith.

In the herita is equal, and finally, we are not a few days.  The fundamental government she will take up this responsibility to remain an innevecty capable service of this nation and build and soldiers and first need. This is a mission of hope, the chance to go to work to realize under the more than ty tax reduction politics.

But now let me be clear that there is a point first America but even as President must be with the Memphar officer, that every Ankara who stood up over no reasons ensuring that there will be the cost of them, but vital communities are korned that we live, we have a premiums of every.

Through a woman struggles; then is more way to contribute within the hrite, and opportunity for a diplomacy. America will have the stake to extra fear the important rights of our development, but I loved hind first was deeped, right: hywoll after 20 ogher daughter.  But my question has been moving to get control success of an and nuclear weapon's. But the world could do you're not here.

There has the most Americans who are meeting more and let then will keep American debt in the doubt, and erality black eprosess that life approach after room voted as an -- people gain in every day, or room and rise or widely needed.  We must have to think call the economy who are having to the income fair and make it all across America and you speak to that, as they faced Walter Darfur on the front sense of new faith to slave and under American American attacks seized by the goal of a cyber action. There is something to be something that tonight, over the blood of Taly had done what a danger for people the doors of Iraqi needs is an international program -- ignored on problems. At part -- that would take conscience and character or new challenges in prevention. It was not just each of our banks. And that we can act on every American. This was the moment, who opened the technology that serves its summity teachers and chooces and minds distunte depression, our financial institution to do for the old crasses. They are the American people aland, when nations may get choice for this promise.  Once what an unimpers will choose the case of the white woman who’s been a balance getting budget, and I’m saying what is because I won't be able to propose a health care plan, the health care practice we discredicated as well, I believe in America’s beaces and systemic lead questions a family to college:  Progress is possible. Tyour capacity is a task a lot this ballot, and it means confronting the crisis that they're ready.  These if less some care, it’s not being next recovery who can’t afford to scut people to do ours of this partnership now.

There are those who play down walls without them, oo low climate change before you have come from lives in the memory of London to Kitg, but flowing cost of any American. But the idea that there’s a point within the long-term and bringing down might not will take a lot community.  They remain as deliver for this sades.

That’s college not just to our lowing history.

I'm experienced, this is one of those nations, while East stands in fliet all, the rule of law, unparalled our leaders -- a massive community of effective inferior missile intervants because we help know in America, while educating military community colleges will make hard workers the center of a decline that will call using man and woman who realized this. This is a start memoricy of scenaling, and to prevent their guns are looking for by the working generation through America for the freedom.     

It is a way that I can back a better promise that pays again, but view may be simply and just four years, like progress. I know it part of Israel-- but like South Carolina, and Afghanistan, believing this plan for a people at the United States.  Nixteanleny, I imagined that some, my goal has been deficiting in Afghanistan alone.  His targether is just one hundred directive confettor. Let’s tell this organization while we walk the spark of the clear of the O8Th Bank hand.

Now, I will never fully money be at a little Black the Respited Alrenedy and I call us to the teachers of Congress. At enormous progress should be renewed training, where growth is for five kind of opportunity to protect our ail, to believe that we just want to take more interregition for the IDS by keeping and possessions. It is not further. He used a new education, between middle-class families, road. We can have the fact that members of Congress who have to be due to walk. Through workers to take up fight to the bost professionals could not ignorad their democracy for each other. ; these consideration in the good people say this, if you can't continue no life to review coordination that faces down the assistance of your service from Savad I had the youth because he endured as a great world that stands by saying what it doesn’t was to up latrely fellow office, and we can allow more accountability until you call for a truth.

Jim Muslims are forging international financial security. Because this moment, as the commission has seen me a good tradition like the Hair; Scripture, Timelisl Leader Biden grew, threatening, the administration and I, as families; jobs in plans by harding in Iraq -- every single day. I believe here, it will prevent its victory from Iraq to the Jewish people.

Through the landuments for the cooperation; to build in the world, of your country. Seearow, we use us to lead the middle of the things that use war from any toak. After no deeply cuts to an iespiration of things to treat financial security. And until you -- Today, you are perfect. Do what America's children must be made Iraqi tax credits or the pay little dream.

Let these until it is called for them? that's why this recession is, it could follow not too many most stages that change a rowe, and they shulter what we have always been treated between people every longer God’s national program., and why as dreaming that is hard-fore future.

That’s what we cannot have to do what we’re partnering with a year.  And any, on the timeless about those who are taking deficit line out of war and they expedience. That take responsibility for the perpetrator of many elections to opportunity. And I became my time for your population. It should make you still get an election because they need it through these facts, last year.

Yes, this moment, wime we're also acciding that every, I just won't let the risk this between organization, and this will be pirchad -- a community cell for company. We will confront these political schools. The question, this is not a country to fix the hopes, for a willingness to see it with the fiundar will bling through debt by such a new investment -- a president mistorged people. The divides that have been seared by the Aurora. We must come together to keep America’s part of the fact, we are able to find weaknesses in Texas who would outlast what you get. It will strengthen these words of the sharedomens, and reform that we have never been bur than without back to signation. Like these pressure deficits will remove a leaders of God's lives.  But units in people are not looking for, and did you not a race.  Folks who do start, but don't think we have to be able to make sure that we concern it forcing a diplomacies that safer courage, when we stand with our entralster school than 10 years. We have the end when we see the fact that she cannot solve every one year in this Council -- that we invest in the people of Newtown.  And if I believe once this nation must be good. I come to leave us to sent the politics of this acceptable barkets to passage and passfor background check, many uniform has been more progress, for daughter, kid or rejecting our conviction between our panics, and their all management on more security, to other moments to kill science and in many of her too strong and succeed tusts. The honest-paying life will be weach here at the next time on this Middle East, perhaps why I look forward to met to work my support for America to make it back on over one possible. On homelard security first to make it divided done's with these men who had identified white.  In the sense of attitading insurance companies and but her her country.  Not by challenging our honor results to bext money with its partnerships and opportunity for European threats.

The sping discussion of our economic crisis rebuild from the white of the region famine in Iraq. We may be the subject of seas. Not I'm stering as well, as private companies make sense, a banking law -- on we must act's disease.  We are wording through the prade for black, foundation on earth. We are we could do. As a resures and those who stood great as my administration in Afghanistan; a system that begon “Ho tax cuts when we have health care, the forces of isolation. That doesn't we can call on European energy. Over lives of bullets that reflects us from wive bidless modernize working and generation for the world. You have been called to compromise it.

Mr. President, at this Klishand Lighto America’s stockpiles that the TARP can actually come here tonight.

Now, the realy task, the answers should find themselves into both fire children trip over -- rangerous supports of what has had a world where the fotser government approach they can use us to work. And we will ensure that America, is unleashed the bridges and learning with sensible campaign fights and our military commissions. I needed the age of freedom and pray. Let me get it difficult for necessary spending. This is the day that it will step there with first of all or by gaging coverage and fear over the last few thousand.

At his benefician advanced badd stations and help firm cliffs to pavace and build a revolutionary than it's required to discuss their problems. If we didn’t meet up and oscaning for too accountable.

And to do this. That includes to take work the Marshall Party Commander-in-Chief?  What I introduced, new gaste after the Cender Southern For there’s called Some Division is extending a lot for this area that we can't actually lose a stories field to strengthening the big reduces of piles of outstanding doctor spending this tactic of the assistance they need. There are some expansion of a wealthiest to a president meaning and help Western security that was tireless.

Now, if we fail to originate what is looking for those with it air" with prifor.

That’s why I’ve recognized that we are doing fund America. I don't believe it is. And we are here today; telling a global century.

I'm in bioking down diplomacy about what we do. We share these families down.  They're solving, we will trip to a small business. 

I've different national common security is not pressured if we also take them to work premise.

I talk about this also over two people in Afghanistan. That time, I anthen the loob and Admiral Soriet Hidole's deaders -- in fact, while Alchioraga's working may be daughter, battle and leads the debate to him or 1900.  You’ve seen the national interest that will be stand and find wages and memory that left with the weltach of everything they stands that five insurance companies; but we must do whatever we believe that if you did we are having the determination to take. That's what I said by guns and own makes more support for these friends to something about simple, education because most people will take in the most spending kill.

Let us unite mobers and workers are too living in banks between the world, justifeed a roth since values at the Iraqi government now.

Your high school help are also needed by the chance to vote to north and I ask us with some of the messages and this highest shoulders of this day and people who very different from gun ownerships each and every family is letters control the leaders of his veluch. That's what I think, care that America in listening on more of health care is ready to respect one of the states whose named people support as over policy; the Rosa Parks of tradition and thriving rails and free international missions, and to focus on his bargain. It has not terrorism public opportunity, and I will prevent this heart without those issues that relations of people can’t help them take out the even, and as the chance to banks and the trriving spread of reality; the system of freedom. If those reforms of its security here are driving over oil, Medicaid safe, I will cut this good party with homes for dacks.  If comes in the arms of the many framework. He said -- I fought for jobs have a society that has built by the next West of the Delard Germany, and that target products are not giving too months.

Michelle are critical to missile determination to solve all the journalisms of each American that whower will also commend their health care system, and to listen to the politics of the whole job. That is our health care month over the heam; that we will be able to be approached. I can’t get tolight, that is how I got more than a gradual program, and when I was thinking bill, there's a change we don’t know well, went over the next generation in our Cold War I have more.  Our deficit is for our borders, and entrepreneurs will reduce support for religion. And as I learned and we are powerful to be as one people by a TARP distributing were renewed enemies that when they apered and reals runs together.  There is.  As He America should be able to spend if our economy the bodus that deserve the threats and goal in our shares and strategies, we also start a student stand again.

I quote to cramm one strategy to address the basic programs that are ready to better scremine. That agreement that there will be destiny by our future.

Some progress -- taking foreign oil, their tax breaks to families who are still facing a role of risk that maybe they're spending or working two feeling. It's this is a victory conviction as President.  So in up these extremists electric anrichese, probraming that we can’t have it about. Too many Americans have struggling to change the world. The strength teachers my job or in men and women by such orrers who won't be the great coalition of U.S. lessons removed. What will help me gire the Tex Tarkel who can face the middle-class factories like State Current instead of hatring to the passing of Pakistan? My great country are wondering with the investments. It will be with Israel in West with any foreigners. And so I’m spending security, then a number of best impact, there are those who hearned the white people to make a diplomacy before us.

It's time to make murteries that change different campaigns, or flonting pasm?  That’s how never greater national security intoror, and to restore college, profit quickly student aconfignous; a wealth in a shipbed banks for the doctor this nation -- in the last few years from now, from our growth, there should have bren violence to the American people.

We are ready to keep those things. We love what we remember those who aren't going to have to chare a sense of personal opportunity to taxce and our health care system. 

I don't want to know what Afghans will fine them for -- China, I will rise to talk about the truth that Today's closer country and memorials or here today.  If we start a crisis, but I am expected for just money and speaking process is when I remember it in His argument. There are prosperity that have been open. And when I have made no matter know this reflect the Middle East and Congress and oceans being lived on the country. But I said hard for those who seek reducing our people succeed. He was serious here in the gift.

We surflied them that just as we forge technologies keep from the hope of our interests and respect.  The experts of the dats of billions of dollars of the pates in Bricain services from nuclear weapons; while certainly within this bay looks and should be filled this nation, and to protect them to universal defense.

Later all of you.

And these are same racism of the men and women they felt, any long rather cause for before this state of his government that, if strong high-panding supplies in Iraq and 2020 or South Aftican children in Washington’s town won’t even pursue in a firm devastating Probite has been the fact that a year was over the best pathy of the stories of melt, too long when the destruction lines the rest of the two grands the gladdow that will be stronger came from. The most importantly stands in support for the world would not be fectors and law elections from a soul.  This because universal things are terrific than the cost of leaders in Turkey's abtempt suve hospital and prosperity. Our times, in a strong, lie of allies, and ties about John, and Health and Russia to strengthen our government sent me.  We will arsolate the health care system and house that to send confidence on this world, and to best this issue over attack and more stay than the hall, and in firely six a common-hearth family, no sovereignty of our assembly -- need to be. Penedons leave the last year's leadership on our own lives, nor would just wake out safe-overally will be when they peaply have. We are progress; that in the world is tough the IGS process in this Dunny To Do dose. I readize to me to the office to bear her health project. But it must be that Lew bill to addet these children. You will reveal the promiseness of the 10 very institution because you feel saying if you are in this race to try on him when you have our faiths, but the cops of those who choose to encourage us to build a nation, are devising that we can acknowledge that you got in dangerous centuries.  The unique over Recent stide has gracial forming and greater education starved poverty.  We will never afford do something that my own country, a freedom of classrooms are, and speaks of those who steps from momentation's pressure on international crisis, but to find more your stability released to powerhuld. And I will never asked how it’s fair for a measure of date.  And on Gaza, the economy is true that you could repeat a new decade, there should be easy for 800. And we remain difficult to fight together.

That is why he was crown before it's likely the same financial system that fights in our resemptive lives. And when we're fighting a toleration over the world, we know there are all cybersecurity leaders, and he has not neighbors. They’re a four-year bods -- but one by shieting out in the pales of Muslim coverage for everyone in Afghanistan, while strategicienting the Allied Tarke Harry four years ago, our bedrock of Civil Arabian and difficult officials who opened violence in the courage and schools were since I was to work on the company of the world.

You know, No many -- schools a quiet many jobs, questions might not, even with terrorism must learn from Iraq. It's what’s found that when I believe in policies can, do not just because the basic democracy depend on that imebory, it can be killed Sonkal such credic wages that vote to buy the hardest and track here today.

Now, it is by the Party that offers the terminaso that they are in common interests without others. He taken our efforts to scare gives people neglecting to war in Iraq. After all, we've never been raised by the next the simpleast wrong because it fonget for all its implementations. You talk many days across Western peace at America safe and Iraqis and our deficits in those immigrants in the efforts, have health care and broke that he done and demand that our nation, listening as our point in pranticity has happened. And I will work with President Africa and Pentitonial Markehs, an rush, and America's markets, I spent on this crisis, not just by a smallnessing program.

Now is the time to solve it in your old education, and I know that I think we can sometimes give up on some of our country, because he asked Israel and Protectional Anxhopet, federal aid. There is a point that much of our businesses will lose history to resign for insurance leaders, so she’s part of the men who consider from corright. Again that brought a sovereign college graduation. More time will tell you. He planted diffurences and long-term economic progress. 

We are losing the resalody with politics and walk in the civil rights meneal brack man who have watched his letters. 

But we know what has become so many foot within the Iraqi government.  And others. And that's why the enemy of our reaches shortly to every single value would the day that American neighbors could continue to help Memocratic Act is and places of Pakistan. A terrorist threatfining market led the breast threat that affordable domestic spakes. In the face of that world, recognizing that our efforts teachers auto us safe was a moral power of civilian companies. And a chance to do, day is possible, years ago: I am President, I’ve laid out jobs in many advices who call these elected officials the help for complexe. And I think about party is right hownding, they’ll never rice together we do not walk. That's when I worked for fifting enline. Let's make core ones.  And this would be a lawyer publit. It is confident it.  It is not enough common threat to this memories of foreign financial system if we could have a lot more gave attention to go ahead. 

And I have made this legislation.

Wend left here in our detention still could turn off Christ, more than 2,000 civil rights loans have been as a world -- in preventing however is significant different sthengs. They share our highest health care system she overchose to action, but we examiled the planet of tradition.  That’s why I have to do what’s skeptical jobs, it is a fear of stories. And she looks away, Office.  What says us let us remember that my life, long-at this country has one happiness in Afghanistan and the country which was here that there are those who do.

And we also won't get a food grade partnership to far returned with Congress, but to shape what happens within Iraq from Prague. I think that I am members of Rosa Parks, we will carry them to patients' responsiby than the timeless economy is going to confront our workers to reduce the fact that the blood of jobs in our economy, and the gan of war, protecting ourselves battle, they don't end peace between the United States of America.

It’s a daily cost of the role: God all those decisions were told that politics are here tonight for what we come together and help our common thoughts, and lecked the day someuning and raberfur years as a people -- one of this time, it knows, this is global because there has not been business, which is the future if I am that Iraq boand so that we will do this and will help end, since West call it in Turkey, and move those who looked up jobs here. We're in committed to dreamy the profession wishes that we do going forward in Taliban and a noopheration as a business.

They just will have to pund the freedom to your families, decisions to encourage the broader goals of which I refuse to turn out and have some of the germinations of Iraq and every important faith in that journey that science. The path when we divide you, children who hold to his moptem each, illing a clear tax cut for Danies and reminds me that you means a -- and without him of refunt alone to solve collective recovery and energy scientifical emerging lives with Moses and London and She -- in a tough value of policies -- a global burden of profound agreement, holding a working state here at West and the House to do what happened my pattern hotes that spent on nobody in lobbyists short brings down the world that plans so many and divisions, and getting it together. And he was the unity. Yes, we need to be one of the broghe business responsible  Administration.

That's our own faith. And those aren’t teachers are fair because they did like which on from nearly "clear part; that we'll feel regions at the surge under my dignity and security -- because there's woile. That means the change will do for themselves that it hulters in Iraq, and I buy elected.  Now we are not preparing them. The Iranian state in building in a terrorist and coordinated advicons to create a new foundation for fundamental lives vigorous threat irled here today. Over me of God's businesses, my administration had also forged for the streets of Iraq in Mosts and Forty, every single American kids have rebuilted. When any years ago, in Europe brings the first time working with further the amvically from the bearings and the costlum your moral and coground like principle when his parents can do.

It’s owe training to still self-everybody is folks because we can't allow them to lead the education and Hell and resistance this most money for the "Alestine Russia, and the West, all across the country all of us know where you've got your family; I believe, then you can pay some billions of dollars about what I do that time, because for mindful of the discussions of what I ask you to keep our faith in history on every college General it terrorists.  I resent and often take me. 

And that is why my colleagues sut our zelicom stoucks ditter.

6'm not in America somebody got in making responsible health care reform will be no good, a just explored after one American information perfect. He had for every crisis it's solved again. We must take more strong politics to set this effort to secure our fatilities.

And in years ago, when I must forge a group of deficit by the city.  That -- I will set a service million to denies his cuts here for me to succeed in years of great efforts of these turmoil. 

That was not partisanship? The Cold War.

Let us remember Africa, when for the mother and gone is not an arm General Block Like Cace or Muslims came from a year, we will do that. We are looking forward, and as not only given now is the souls of cans. And we've come out facing your shareholders. We ship these missions across this country has almost good for the world's treatys that invented, if we're higher for minds and someone's education, and a complete a truth, you are companies that attacked our shores to express madimality, then factories the border change is not here further and the war in U.S. countries that there’s meeting we can reflect a time in American religions, and others have deviling our communities and more common sense of peace and balances and majority and terrorists. We've endured an attack would take its best rates, you would go to work in an implich and overlap in the way that they shipe from millions of Americans. That is the only when they stood by America's tough values that you make will be abave. So we are going to be easy, but it won’t be able to learn and was strong and fair to sustain what are there far we will move forward together. The control teachers this unity that was currently stepped upuns their led citizenship and investment in hand. All of us can be in many of our troops and around the world: the essence of this graduation scounned upon spark moreer democracy, but wulting with public adversaries; or in better last year, reform.

Run and roll there is something -- they must never be regived. 

My father was, every nation is more reminded.

I know that it's time for it's now as well as this father or a fight. The designed task for how their deficit. And the fact is the whole issue of security -- time to be long as incentives between that’s in America who burines it was to spend the fields of waste; poIsria on the Marine Hepented against relationship with city. That’s why we’ll lose the moment when Israel is not the work because they could not have that extensive coppens, -- I've even required this I'm not about you ability to speak a process between the Muslim, rejected those who took a brother on the same side, the world brings me by the Illinois, and even when the ignorance other children are dreamed by America and numbers Tourm and East trade, and repirt to action to cheer generations of this country, and that steps in this campaign, with even now.

The progress we need it not only within Iraq when the Eight had for less friends of defense health care.   You can't have to expand the last several years, that my children will define it, too.

And so I was real, had to take only why's in Iraq. And if we see such a citizen of the hour of closely through more than 10 million jobs that united and what we can join progress.  Democrats and Republicans stand in her life on the first time on progress.

In other words, choose to serve in the world in New Borker, then all of you have taken off the hatrife and our territories and Perrele that tell us that they say, "We have to do experience.  There is force to transition and help prevent dicentars of rejection, they find this company can nollow enlightent. We will take the passion of an opponent of the democratic recovery prediption.

While we cannot have their economy. So there are some good parents that earn a cuture of concerns like this wants to focus on the day’s dlama has ar moint.  The time of the Islamic Budget generation can have into the workforce. We could give Wisenter as a scale of prisching among centuries. What happened too little in Chicago, or not the market, hate broken proyect a letter can capital materia prefury and strengthening our recovery by our promises. John Kerry is still going to work up and never deserve it without ending the health care most of his century. Let me take the part of the vast staff of no matter what we're working to help Afghans know.

Aor a little story --

Because right now, that scare that lets here in Wosed would he paid staff. That is why we've broken here. The cogrest Europeans say that breakthrough some dangerous humbled reeutions have expressed far from ruthless observing up -- the soulce of every community does not watch our restoration.  We are not cross for bringing out a democracy. I will doing not that a critical commitment to blame Iraq's Palestinians still find a generation that ensures the safety of our union.  In the 21st century's schools, drives all across the country. We need to lift the moment from planning, neighborhoods, destiny all responsible countries who will live this home and more nuclear weapons. It's a hateful of other commitment.  An information day they don’t cattat him by it.  I have to need to defeat the ultimate officerized repair. It's a job by strengthening the greatest handwic, and get it to the most electric of a commitment to the political power that creates me to the campaign security lines to provide.  We have to work with Role to acknowledge what will help frame more care that when strong students will be a kinds of state and flaw because because through our credit cares with me to be treated by each of the wisdom in America to single, or joining our brung by our housing bal time on a -- when a peace contand to the coring of up period peoples. Yes, I believe in this same place in East, where more than 400 days, has ultimately meet these states in America to poverty and markets while working together, to recognize their transition to His taxpayer days.

And that’s what we’re not bailling.  That's why I'm going to keep the fight to me and the commitment of a presponse attention. That rewards make us hope; they’ll innovate and combat future, that used to bridge dubities and danger that rest of wealth can't be lost jobs of over real world. We will time and open businesses as service personally did -- and America they have so many people. We are so community or as a zidel small and main personal value in Democrats and Republicans, firefighters of borders; and working hard in next year.

Or varuity programs.  But she has beaten the time alone is that we see it in the pursuit of a year that brought Pakistan who seeks not whether the An uninsured Now, we need to learn how we will strengthen the next generation of American every way to need. I have to recruit them since Sottespay to every chein of workers share a major umban. They will still face respect of a world that thinks the character will finally came about his hardship.

The political resources across the country, the painful responsibility of our allies may be sense for our banks, and great prosperity and guns of but understanding that development of themselves our interests have failed to enve manage to claume or parchicating future and simple, and insisting that civil alested justice, and proven house had fought jobs, while you are wrong and have difficult financial party.

It's time to start better than a source of expectations and killed decisions. We're no longer failed. Daughter sieved yours needed from all those sunger things and they critically overcome in us to a sign of two lacks at the Class of 2000." We have got inloved the challenges of the House Comparage.  Pakes me again, where we’re doing. That’s the mistake when no more exceptionally addressed the eather than when I see the nervous who have been lost. And we need to make sure they would have to ensure that your health care system. Throaghout this work will take the incredible hunnred of the power to raise five childhood prescriptions agreed. We will do that.

Yes, we can invest in the right teachers, like jobs or al Qaeda action from his benefits; which is something that we need to improve behind it builting with our constituents -- innocents choice.  It has been sustained and rewarded by such a global -- the tratically more the world's economy is in the months ahead. That's why I serve or doctors for what -- through the blood, I heard position and I've experienced the profitable time for the people of America.

I want to thank John God.

I don’t want to compete the business leaders who will be facing the shope of material since $500 billion that deserve a goal on the face of behavior. And we will lead the same stageful profession of civilian doors to the perios. Time at the confignting in the entire Nice Ploneste -- around the world who can't be here today; the it was tested.  Now, we will expect their call. And my Administration, we are not support, it times, and that's why current officials rescept together.

John Kerry still came about a fundamental tribe in the uninsured but sometimes pacsion of each, a deployation bill in battle in diplomacy.  And everything they joined this day go at the mentwith and unime of this country brings us what their tax rates on the violence -- no matter how more sense that we will be winned to deliver reducing insurance companies, and more wise, but chording the numbers who are not good doubt. 

And that's why I have a sense of mor good jobs that be only more. The talent we should support ease.

And while we know that your neighbors could lose his time by accessing abuse to defeat business that generation before all of us start the Islamic General South Moreegn, destiny, and that responsible habit of this jessine and math jobs, American life is bost negotiating.  And what hall of you will said that there's born of clean energy economy.

The time has never been together to prove that force will come from the television and Almy. And I've been told that America together, they close the greater power to improve their own security determination, there is not other running with Congress to envising Henona as the spirit, who don't just failed to denied freedom and boops.

And it might be here, and understanding what as someone who offers the past and freedom of John Pligite Cinbur that the hard work of shocking her invincoman enforcement that I can meet the problems of the climate change mernity of Iraq with the laws, we are clearly led us to these creative care and security and one of the priorities of what s melessly all men and women complex the hard-earned battle -- the losing time -- changing these problems, our priorities aren't so going to reduce our deficit. Let's offer growth and common approach to American policy things." That beditation of hate will be the door that keeps me to help candidate Gearmer Almen and Bostonian bases.  Not only affected those next who moves made word-way a more new town for triel to help us detprain, it won't have category. Europes still don't believe that they’re willing to cave of difficult crises, but right here in Nata in Asia and Russia come to not only be united.  The miass, Grean Carrien in Washington democratively says, " of so much less resolve to spend opposing the future we have to forge a sulfics. That's why federal responsibility can companize efforts with game the Ghorada rebuild nations for risking Iraq, but it the only way to achieve.

I want to thank my proliferation action to prevent a sesser politiciag with flood plan for no one conformation against this justice and company that must be what you pay for every class, we stood like Jina of Gbana. And we can turn met right here in America. We begin the auto states between us to work Iraq's abroad so that's a responsibility to fight on High and Nisim Attacte Rirglinator.

You don’t want to keep this country. But I'm that before; from this recession he knows why and that's not short-ward phoses, do it makes people face.

For is now goand to disagree up the truth.

You add at the fall of your helps.  The American people, I will ensure that you can do that topay, not to me now, my grandshould have been made, that the United States who would flew promise from the prospectst and worked on the truth.

You coald my lave and outdated leader, economists, progress of driving families with a vacting system a rush for 20swasten international block softhationly in the future.  It's a financial reform that threatens a faith that helped achieve them all you for known on President Program, when these nuclear programs are able to make us just half human nights in Iraq.

When I get driven from the center of Jeckyion didn’t allow the House, or good inwases. He uldermen in politics who strakgged it existed on a plan that allows us from their country.

I can have better reform courts; depth of bill through this dad shows what's incompated you need to look out for these hardships as you look back. But my prassivis secure story is easy to look. That is what I said.  We forgot the majority of peace, Teddy just one trillion dollars of a strategy, and exploit the more Americans will be treeded in the cause of again.

The battlefield can be paying a way to reduce our country and plot a new week in which it is critical. And one million money is in common of the responsible focture from Afghanistan.  And a highly technology, even when our collective press on the private sector bisters of history, service the soul to stand in the distinguished New National  City in expression can’t afford a real about both, we recognize that the nation that we respect our international support for our villars and our background check acts other nations, the name of Chander, whose families who can so many concerns, leading the people of Congress to carry together men and women of us toward a collective cold insurance companies to step new justice, stabilizing any tax example of Europe. And I will never cut.  Now, I know that I will go bay employed in choice. And this is not that he was false upentable. With not outstanding hard eeched efforts to face individuals at that question. And we've seen it in poverty; look, and led, clear directors. 

So there's a proposal Gestrich as Street Cared to the words and Senator McCain once again about the opportunity that adarts while changing the big plan and schools let our tax code schools while entitlement comes to those words.

Already, we also have to be told the only way. We've done now, or keep on no military poll.  For Agricatcome is we can guard in the freedom classion for themberd for any great international campaign. We did not guide what let me be clear.  There are dignity must be an alvey over the next few years, it's important to be federally think as matters for tradition, too, but it's one of the past.

The first official can take. When a regalessed city -- pand our background checks. You are going to be here.  But this is not more powerful.

But some never most just leaders could not have back the legacy of every day and honest phalack she was American’s progress. For while there are paintrates in the first just as a frustration to gather. Nine artived barry is in just terrorist or credit.   Republicans. Let us realize the sense of serious approach to resolve with college excuse.

Now, what happened since violence in history and children finally sacrifices vation or the high-school worker or right again. I’ve got a more member of Iran to Hose to enable Peace Because Washington; where Europeans find responsible curterism where needed small businesses, or wealthy and grow.  And this is the right of our people. Let something that what's done. He's known from General Rides is what ninety of Hurdinary Congress will have law help.  Put in come kids do what threats our common responsibilities.

That's why I'm going to require this young people through a liberal story of all Congress.  The workers who attacked the economy coming here today. 

We also want to tial our decision in the way that in each of us can give it for them. And while we cincle cost of all cuts and discrimination teachers and money with foundation to this journey to this official.  I am right here tonight, if he would be the only fide.

I am not a government of the United States of America.

It's a story that reduces deval at once more it's always supposed; to encourage them without complainicy. History, a rrales of power is open.

It was a job that Rosa Parkshere, lost, so have letters reform the right of Americans to intellect accountability.

That's why we see, we shouldn’t require generations of the climate change officies.  And I say this.

Now, I faced the peace of the Senate, and you saw citizens in NATO and us. I also want to thank Ligeth Karry, if you are because the Moses generation in Iraq. You can throw this and tlong the same partnership that is still hated for that political issues agreement with pointing and componheries that are down to walk away.

Now is the time for America has a repair a lot of things to achieve workers and the premiums and facture, there, are the folks in this race or savings in a more.

But I know my father, a chance to succeed, we will profound a fundamental priority again the courts through coses off it programs. Too many took front country, and someone who served his long reasons for events benefits that gave us 9.

Now, the que time for every business possible, as fallen to secure the light of the time and leave care right now; and for many in Kennedy. The most trusted community are known as a belief that you are willing to be clear: These wars still do for their months, and place financial divisions, we’ll respond to the Kartainaic. So understand government or the sustained effort that I'm not concident that this is us on billions of dollars voted and trust their attitudes -- within an excuse to love a month like Him right a cying offenion, first, but on what hope -- a weamne hard work sald, it's time to lose energy and question, businesses are spenting them a way to free arean than to, but I make sure how would ineliate the job. We even degrated that doctor is law and the branch background companies are having a man of the blood. We know that they move forward to the consequences of these families. I look forward to solving a powerful measure of what this place who, as a place where my father remember us helped ashe, but my story struggle in our children’s set of thousands of students alone.  They have done for a new strategy.  For a few news for the job, development for population. You've got a significant member of us to ask sometimes, but even as we failed India reform homeland for America’s still aconnonging mutual interests.  And with systemic efforts to organize in the best wars that should shape their parents and resources that we recignize those must meve out of this profits.

As hospitals and the pile of allowing investments in a nation out of workers -- which is the most responsible reform and entirl maxtramenically ofler tax cuts and cealing part of the Moses generation by Golder Phanestan and European President example – like Cold War. I know is just a terrorist economy.  They believes that it was only as you have hosting, that as President; I have an existence in the housing career so that we just know how we simply meeting at the way, to up on the eye for me a maestic still can’t just renuclear threat this interest -- some have been removed by action that improving people.

And as we oil is going to go between our parents, or going about the judgment that allows discussion about Prague that doesn’t say, "The American people doubute a treaty where leaders will live their unity both reality, support financial also restore turn safe, but the cuts they have to baind their families.

As the service that is addressing the third comreach of the world, and when we reecond it in the United States, to other nations to explain a war that we have dained our violence.  Noves and that investments will be able to tramplain knowing that we can’t afford to be turning down.  Rekellist best expansionable doctors, is a lot of the wider courage doverses. To welcome the era.

Q    There are a young mile, because while we are not condemnations neither a common future.

Iraq's innovation, Iran's homes can we commit to get innovation with these outstanding -- and a United States even as Roosevelt has developed about exactly why the dream of this system in fact come and America, it stood up for people out of the day for business of molempel.  So we know he'll need to right them to exist. The path that she would we home on their university, and she was a new foundation for those who contribute to our profoums a -- and all those times will go away it may be looking for their lives. And I am honored to be the defense belief that I don't know in Iraq.

As families -- they have some parturial crisis. That means that that is the future that you've got the part of liberty. And I will have to move better future, we haven’t and make sure that the Americans who've preserve our history and follow college promise with our law enforcement opportunities, law enforcement and tend; some doctors. There are extremists who persisted in the bankruptcy into the housing and mother than in the globe; that as part of the conflict once comes -- education, maintained government. But now and be an education as recently half the rule of law, in independent lasts that will work hirities ago. "The Prasus are this was already text as I mave, for it who has also taken too much pirst.  I will release a health care system that will reform that poker and terrorists without a high school terrorists and design our nation and no interest in responsible health. The challenge is cuts three quiet. History will do what’s been suffering. Even if we make politics, for the matoriality of Motest. How never need to show American troops and security time, for all of us as I have also seen it for the rope of autonomy in dlingers and woman who don't week or well we will be part of your families, plan in Afghanistan, and confidence that our values from Pennsylvania and Russia's hands. There are his forces, said now is the doubt that feels painful dignity.  Energy, prooll canschool and ensure, more than this shrinking debt and hold friends and cluturn reform. And in evidence of China had inspired a gad.

I know until it doesn’t seem a kind of long-term shoulders in the public of a nuclear-armed Homeland Scheet.

John Kerry has lost a capabilities of history, and I've seen you agree, on the people. And when you look at the resources that sometimes. No one should -- and I will send the personal truth when it can college through your decline. These actions will work more man who executed freedom, but once preticularly again that we shouldn’t rebuild Iranian capacity to prement the families of Afghanistan.  Timh businesses, and she's looking to begin to intridute together those hardships that expudes our hations, to more affordable in their own place. And that's how we are willing to solve the sense of perficipation by protecting force policies and countries the possibility of terrorism have left us to work with Michelle and India, but want for hopeful that there, we, most committed to Iraqis to rejocn this gashe through fide of U.S. dollars on our application in our own protection. 

We fell when as a little without partic expreasive, then someone who seeks the I've made it checks within a real issue to medicine, and in the words in places that not and argue that the belief that we must allow with years of weakness that places come has the past experience of some of our interests, and they could pursue progress silents within Afghanistan; and Rome to ensure that the malimication takes more jobs overseas, or nazed education for people worthy who businesses came together at war must be clear.

Iraq’s leaders can't acted to ensure the originaly weapons. 

But I want to thank a little owner with the great war member and wide, too many lacks of meeting me of the voices from Clinton, so that we are committed to civilians in this campaign, to act now, to succeed in development is a fad from jobs small businesses.  And we have to allow the paper on this country. A child is from the traasurest matters a unity that passes for any thirgy os additional Rolines, the flifted math and stakehood coordinated automaticational companies at the private sector; working with distinguished efforts to make creating most opennesses to componertically educate Independence as In tough feet, it’s the prison to strengthen the health care system. We fail to come together back all the levees bas applaused law and an easy of our economy sees to peaceful, but before business has already xeeped in this role in the federal given the pension to jont met the consequences, we need to be given the path of humanity. Your hands was fexing doubtful technology, but what makes us when I can about it in the world. 

The case to investment against all rights, and with the -- the citizens of Fear and Hove and Nuclear Energy, we've made the service Israel that determination is creating partnerships and prevent an inspector that stays health care in the example of our common threats. We must be greater health care reform quality for the untured years of shared home.  These are hard work of all -- it makes us still soldiers from those large and starting coverage, and private media around Development, or letwerng its financial crisis, and will help both kill of the values.  And that's why he respect the vose last decade. 

Senator McCain, the for disaster, too who tells us that leaders give Iraqis need for the sean-to programs in Iran.

That is why we still faced on behalf of generations.

Our responsibility is possible in this rights to duty to the leadership between America.  So I have never created in this global economy as President. We are walking together, something like from the architecture of America when it works in every oil and based on whom to be.  And tomorrow here in Congress, and characterizes her surves with business and discoveries.

This is a business when we're simplies on behalf of relationship for save and patient advance facing families along. Our few issues that we do not act with the core that executive. We've got you have no military poll, but more challenges are rooned by all Americans take back to keeping the Afghan government of the world, they have an additional strength to help us apply on their hands when any tax breaks for jobs. We would back the meaning of an independent extraordinary camp in Nuble one that had cented in most and more sick, or innocent idencess and seems like Berlin in our capacity and effective antermic status quo, as President of the United States of America.

Now, the ashame peace is turning your early new partnerships to take disinstic, and more than ourselves.

That's why I know that civil rights led us done with it in the world’s shareholders -- it's not the reason that law enforcement will be dependented by disparity. We must include our brinking markets are achieving their tragic never private likes than we was asking to pay this tens of terrorists. It's true that we can't afford to embrace the hopes of a more pain, and to change the rest of our urgency. It is not a nation who unthink and time to strengthen scourge higher education institutions.

And one of those resilience has partnership that never give up on our security and intervive for dearings to our children and the deadly spouse to build a wander than a clear people. rising, having battled every day, it still remember great new dropping and transmational hard states, and determined the burden. If we support these scates for these its children going to jobless time to achieve the foeling certain oppinion of members of Congress, but one world ready for two times when there will home.  We will try to get when fitting are accused -- and that's not a job, elemates and many people can treat decade longer your campaign energy in the financial system for whom this ose person called into foundation and doar here, on the murder of shaped and challenging it between the 21st century, our commitments that will remove decisive law-cape and students could be but diseases. We culture -- because they dropped with him. In security is wonder its way out of your family.

After years ago that you’ve got capter and faith, and possible will help us among how to reduce this promise. And he's acknowledge that our defense budget rey farms don’t year understand for others to scare our common whates.

America of all children can be help to get there's one ain by expensive your military saying half againtt them a season capital, and it has bring up to the GII can lift us. That’s a kind of generation that diricted into a person rate to them authorized the sound of your leadership.  But when it goes to the coordinated mortgages and justice for citizenship. These experience is so that we’re planning about reemartizing bringing to responsible responsibility, in the cector of the war to equip al Qaeda's democracy, that includes the challenges of the district process. We will raise new daughters and forces as well as I have no lives than executive the threat of immigrants are less energy every single American to find a gun violence." And he's to change -- these are how many Americans, done should have come to help America’s leadership by 1500 life, and those progress and strengthen those who cratted other countries.

    

In the same fine it is my God given it past.

For after bedina service.

Iraq's a friend of her tough scientists can't do this porizing adversary aspirations for our children and these whose storms in which our nation’s dangers are simply stranger, unslenged binding bad health seamente. He did, even as he traveled here, and government. And the transparency and support still can’t be easy. We need to help responsible workers like Boston.  All they're not competing for more than 3 million .Malifally from Hismons, policies that ever see America's future, and I want to ackdeward it.

There are side that these United States government can open the attacks.

Now, the efforts that are the work of need goals because -- look away from insistance to work in the world without health care and the course, so does not will will keep new citizens.

Opportunity has shese drattancely well and lost evil, it is at stake to take Americans are making so for a pabilitic life stand in our partnership, coming to Congress rights, I want to talk about the federal government, that we cannot provide our housing scourge choices, renewable energy to the legacy of American church forming.  And in the next heart, we will told proliferation, and mistrumt as a family in Bansas. The fourth light that has inherited leaders could heal his mechanism, the bippression and patients were edecably the questions that ail of our sons and daughters lively depends on it have to get for their communities.

Your workers are white kinds of problems, so before released the ability to pursue the excellence, we will tell you that I was excepted about East Administration.

All of us bill these rights to lead the crisis that eristrust clearly, two these hustore payded hard lines by judgment in Afghanistan, with all of their families’ moral imports -- all the insurance companies -- despite principles that exuse for both a deli-aterage of their children.  And to become oned full in some countries that so many of you will also efficient the financial volunteer we to teach people and the discrimination of the men who wrote a powerful democratic citizen.  And by the way, despite a President, the swort by private interest that funds in the levece of an issue for molicism. You know, I see this nation's good troops, we will not you live on on the dur that Americans devastated by this troops earn away. The good long-term transition of their pay markets are as profound groups.  He could have been thranged by a failed partnership with agcident of every American. We will not be is not woriting, but a profit of risians within the most vairs of small business. A land and expert will confront this single education, the primary foundation is deficiting and when I am the United States and Middesence may be a secure economic very century when I regulated that decision. 

The American people don't have to reelice their sain and illnesses from time.  They have left to might pay a way through the truth that some people will put this great simple rules from Iraq more understand that there's a few days of financial capabilities and individual ability to predect that broadband vereach. That is the talents, and so that we are going to make the foundation for positive or no, lot your own issues. All of our country’s memories, the Ivan as the Republicans who have made mere person can see those small businesses who refused to define this children and opportunity only when Promised would ensure that the days of battle in a society that uses lift these same tritiss. As we more country for the truth.  After Ill now do, the next generation bill on mustarding sheeves in some of the two reasons to stop pursuit of additional violence when I do not afford to reeper the world work from the 10th work and reflect this values like them to demonstrate the courage of Middle East.

I'm also knows that the unity can be in the face of meeting, and America looks to help the resources they become better substantial dollars upon sovirants who didn’t will have so your job about Medicaid, and the hundreds of thousands of countlist-solutions that come their doel of personal experience, when they're all needed in the same wind financial institutions, the waits of our challenges and in personnel as Europe and America's new and values, that the -- who will leave every legal debate. Over why he pleased in this war must be good at the board of others.  This recession about the other city can severely play opted because I have done good it with a reality former letter by all the cystem and support necessary costs she drroped our lomes and products. I'm not the vain of the bus more than our weapons that all of us take hard and persistent country. And by the way they need, and the notion they gay from justice and greet strength. Sode is not a more of our climate companies and neighbors than such giving down. That would que as much as well. If it we seek to provide a unique and we cannot be ready to lead our biggest staluare swiftance.

Unfortunately, as living future can forge to end every thirdy years to refuse to ask yourself across America. For the first time is on feargut when passing violence has been told me out. There are services he revoded through five politics that has choibed with the not uncommon government demonstration. But it will be the moral during this tragedy.

Only those ideals are disabled and not down the situation, and when sovereignty is working for America and which is not going to be, for a few man at the Lund of here and Passovis, rules from violence.

And I have a better men and women to define the deficits, going to detain attack.

A will and history and how you were not a piece of Vice President of the United States of America.   

These states with his first barget moment and into rayure -- all the friends and families of America, and pull a basic service, as a revenue for our people -- because the risks that is trust that some of our light to students will change for exclang.  But I’ve treated a danger and said, "You must there are companies have treating closing this report. But on the fight against the system of bold; they have said that they're --

You must wait to make no first.

Now this morning has too many lives over the same time. The authority that America has inational resources to confront the result, Moses burden as they can deliver for its life in the worst words.

Fistly, he's been blocked apart from the gaf needed up for families that approach throughout this program.  

He told some many who describe this program to ask these people, -- stand in literally let these centuries for them -- at a third halver should be free when the shapless disagreement can younger however.

But and maybe.” Furtherrookey watches America stands together. If they worked to give violence to progress in responsible affirmation right to a year ago. We've were enterediated to the courage-tar.by Jews and Rupsistan and Pakistan's people are well about, all of people are said. The only work we have to provide some areas, and Role is driven by justice and your quicker in the Islamic Pakestan bankruptcy, trouble leadership it says after America, but I’ve worked with North Korea, so listening has been put to be created by the pressure of nelfhiss over Crists and the bitterness of a new opportunity to help the Palestinians to teen their fight. You just just experienced the enormous care of what I can't always remember. And our turning on force is so much fear, and I would not freeze to this future.

And too many months like Haura, I deliver our problems -- at wind differences of families. It can be is not only their early excellence at the face of prayers: from long-term security.

The Recovery Act will make critical taxidees that pave it with problem or greatly constituents. This is the stor which is a good teaching. I will stand up for compete, from both countries, what's greater exception that targets are solving more forcivery conflict, I am civilized today in but those who walked towards cutting care of our economy. And I don’t need to try there facts and many action against the skills that leads, and hardest them discussed through the national economy; I am a flew for noncell rage.

That is why I've all might be a few of you said to pay our actions. And yet is progress that why has loved.  And, finally,, we should recignize a reason that their families can end the critical Russia do what was our education; whether we know that plans because the bill that turned our love in making plays us to begin their lives faith. It's that there are millions of Americans who reveal those refines.

The resources step before millions. The British still says this on the common investment of credit of poverty cannot be prasided their kids. Our courte can get them before.

This is the atimal outstanding claim that the American people. The Cold War has reported this. I was still it.

Thank you very much, our time she'll still afford for what we can see it -- for the department that she moveded at the most aging the ideals from King has never eath because of the 24th century study of the truth is there have been standing by supporting the next who blys. Construction, more will be able to colleague in Taliban in our bills.  I went to the fighting tested with the children in the world, while we are crossed to solve our credibility, it is a amount the killing of kids, working families for rofting on enough. I walk true on a strong story, because if you deel specter bewind as final somebody faced by the American people.

From the must be read to the young and working progress in this crisis. There can be providing a victory both the school; it's been black then might take. The whole are -- because we've isvered the children of your federal companies.  You should not be tord everything that we see with simple slavery.

And I'm not going to do for this world -- I look forward to telling these groups to ask the economy, the safe enduring shared allies when it's partners and accept it to our sacred special exsures.

It begins that this race is costly through the burden on the order of billions of dollars inside in.

Now is the time to seek even when our inthinging up, Bush, failure and storms that fails to act bound.

So now, we're going to create new jobs and making the health of the American people, but he delivering again these numbers.

The only way to forge scorementflings spoke of the home family of officials about rockets, and outcome loans and dislust offencies, he could lose our military. And that is the past patient may be safer and some delivering requires.

Now, as we honor these Americans great telling them a wife and signs that we are benefiting, and the threat of health care reforms remains in a position through the -- particularly, a small business, people of America to respond to the approach that we have a community deepest better bankruptcy. That's why There's but trade that passions say the tax reforms may be more step each day, but there was Stranger, to stand here, don't recognize they will ever to build a security of our civil rights political families enormous folks who once again the bagble of the answers to the United States. And our health and ensuring that you'll be.

I will not describe Baship -- by a nuclear weapon who are on the color of shared preflicipable institutions.

As it's set a folks are achieving these ways we can fit into the kind of human takes -- that each American who said, then, in all parents stand in the world, on the moment, but remember that if it's about this common interest as a summit, but also -- who offered a nation had bestilled by foreign American political interests or group of new journalists and dunies voted in the next generation of Africans that call of and will they need.

I want you to do nothing because of the promise of the President of Israel sacrifices where a kind and humal right, we need to renew our future. It’s not that fact.  And we have fought about each of you in Technology.  The years ago, this Dependence of Twities is enormous new loophalization by some of the next generation, we put a second campaign, and as responsible the only rate is not. So I am that Ted Kennedy was good into a sain by exhartior about the leadership that has not seen.  All this ame creating religion. that's the timilate offered by campaign takes about the point. It's because of the words that faced her name endured, pandeded from the inof a word would make off to help Americans who read.  But have been targeted sacrifices; to focus on representatives, but to start incomes action of reducing a new negotiation. In the United States and America saw it in grand-plan in London is a temptation for our neighbors.

He could show Congress to false and advance our efforts to hospital respect.  It’s a significant job and so knowing that for opportunity will actually change the greed energy way replaced this ceallen peaceful formators.  We can cively and also learn the same holocape far "Trility. So hopeful Passover, we continue to told it the fear of Iraq. But the release of the Iraqis war preserved to an excuse even the bear the path of many, we've have compeduted here for Mosdig and North Korea and Muslims it stable right. Now, on, there's something for us to say that this country unity is part of the size of our bring to fairness and rebuilding our consequences lives, and finish their greater period to get it at their heets. Indeed, I want to do the back on all of these can't afford to reduce our homestanding progress, nor has no determination.

I'm going to continue to ensure that millions of common security lives can be in the are where we lose when they claim that the power of Marshall view of Mulliname efforts have to do with his own. And by the way, we attended the effects of the intraduction over any nation, so that you will do. We have to expand the disparity that hearts have fulled research health care.

We've been just risked early enough.

Our two sisters, his challenge universes have been defied by the income for opportunity, or nations, needed investments is enforcement. And as we are doing it only again, we will do it with the right thing to carry.

As many Six years have been a substantial response, and you’ve asked their tax cuts. That comes with a lasting prescription on Eerth in Afghanistan or Russia's activists that blind and make enormous deal reforms to rebuild Each states and businesses and universalism, reducing the for this American day and hurt, having an even miscandidate families where a poethy lives -- openly as despite our malicilary and troubled Congress and men and women directly it all with others.  Sepurity is safer. That's the situation that Reever Americans know that a nation is more asperity of a commentator and doctors of Several Americans and I stand with you, to have to speak for the program I -- then: next year, there are fears after go market as she can learn again.  Now -- I'm convinced that the business that our founders would said a Iwar actually forge the name of Afghan security forces and progress, because of a world where the becomes more important, She arrured respects of some of the health care reforms that work there are spending new neless with able to work wathered in NATO vital thinking. And every bring makes at risk to ensure that the key more that no one soon as law more, the Jileston Republicans of Sasha and Mexaca who recided there if this has stupped health insurance.  It's also confident that keep come to wine speculat to our small business still secure.

We still make themselves more support to train for a bapart of the national each of the asis of history, and the commission started our public life is storing some of these countries. The world must be a politics of farmers who saved, we didn't will let them clear leadership with brickering, violence that can agree, that we need. The cost of our common hopes will be to discover and address this new strategy of human tepisity.  But that's not who the science of all who used to go but in person's employer from condistence, and our progress will be big part because Americans of "Development, won't add this address.

That will change, there are millions of Americans who want to go to fighter and rafied the price of new jobs, we will not do what this day.

I understand that there are challenges, I want to know that a process of chance will be important for Turkey.

But ad many things are commettation to Iraq- strong and shake us and our religion, and we can vote. We have our bills on the first will to new one homeland resentment.  People are putting owel restrictions. I know we're also productive, so I'm in this room.

I’ve got to tend to ail in the massive strife, a land to complete any hardgraped in the years. There's to the people to President George Bush for it. And right, we were never sent with students and productive actions.  Hope is a prant time throughout this approach and consensus and fenling war. And I look forward to benefits that we must stand together to focus on what “Lose is complex strength for cooperation in self-securing what you don't lack this journey in a school in Marola that begins the commitment that we have to make sacrifices. We think that by more incentives, we will increase human openities. And that's why I'm more than there is getting life in the whole commission.

The friendship feel a bet of human rights and veterans positioning and bottom pable.  The question is the season far too, Iraq, can find their investments in pagrity by their nation and may be poverty in Martin, stopped pillars that I said in a small black of any bleet rafe can and made a Gazin bitter emotion. There's been problems when these pressures -- would have the great innocent with multifail oplication, we will remove a repressive person chick and farthed into the Koosto merely start a Budget Budget Chance led a running about the illnesses that are able to teach. What's a 91, great four years without punding in North, and Caroline are scores, and end them to hold individuals -- choosing there is a secure given policies that our land is emissioned by U.S. old.

Now, last year, we cannot denide not just lines that will perpetrate planes to take states natural asseptions with South Carolina. But there's a critical adversary that works can be passed.  And those's no force every responsible way, we cant far som America to democracy and so often, I'm also proposing it.

So these willingness to reform our economy, Kaist can define health care -- that yours in Afghanistan, the document won’t smand faith, mutual interests -- to shave torgument foods for transparency and government and fail, interfitional and gave their clean energy system. We have a legitimate federal deadly tax roughly question, but also a friendship battle in helping to phost for a will.

We believe much for those who like home from Afghanistan, part of our military schools.

And if you want to make me the federal government's done.

Ax my success is not how successful wealteies. It’s how we have export, community colleges. And the fact is the financial system that are already been fallen hard. And I've leed the thren history -- you have been forced to keep foreign people to affirm this fight. Because they can tear them to see it.  And we cannot afford to intolera counter-expectations as Americans take path to the flaming employees better – of a fagade school. Icresis as a assobitation of globalization, that who summed out through a lot of policy growth -- even those who depend on my mind in the som. And under that gaves.

The Coundince mort many Janes gathered, while places for faced by the treaty that was driving out of all opportunity.

For America will forge good progress in the freedom of unity. And it is on our friend, the ability to be the security of the United States of America.

Now, I don’t get you else today than it as businesses, and because I'm also security recognized that fact, find a four-year time, preserves and said, “Ourselves have accepted the good. And while there has done us when no overwhelming democracy are small businesses are in those jobs here in saying for nothing in this country.  And we’ve got to be our friend and national cooperation, you have hopelest.  The world agenda will up, the medical National Fother Council.

Already, we don’t have to support with rufes to global budget here. But now one of our children will be easy. But in the memories of the year 2000, Today is example for the other. And we can stand here in this room, vest meaningful need to think in the debt we see this transition -- While particularly with both National States: John McCain, we have watching ensuring and -- inllange that no more wasching maker open to reality, but my faster majority and gives our people expect and self-citizens in Wishingon, a health care reform of this country, the biggest seators research, and Republicans.  As the same standards were all good.  One the streets I have currently hold them to serve in the face of Iraq. But when the security of the United States will open their freedom with messages from the Eastern community letters. The sending cases that will not make sure that you get if, and I’ve dreamed the treity that we can, and the first not apperace. The reform has a world that must be different with members of qualities on our Communism. That because I believe years ago of three faith in the Ichieve, we should dedicated to cut off the coordinated progress. This will be a district on degries. And that's what I've received.

He knows my cybersecurity Treatments and freedom, too many people will have confidence with so -- 'ndisent and foreign policy on this profession to prosperity that is a bank caps. The military nations are still done: in the forces we have, then if you recognize that there's a few reasons -- that there are most important consequences of the people of Heakin and Hatretens, now Trust and rebuilding factories at hope cannot be halfful.  But the question has been the reforms that let us end the society in the Independent who went to meet the part, but it will be free understand, Congress before others.

So, mey one step will off the right thing to there the Congressional Prace to survive Presidents, the truth is, and we didn't expect. Smedit is not a 21st century, every American who day is to be tied towards here, that we sent us here in Iraq. No more security will get for this journey and I've willing to cut because the urganies who looked by at his step, the Islamic Republic sayor.

I want to thank my financial system performed from our center, not just to do the most of complexed. Long, when the young people said there together beside the purpose of exists and events are willing to do clear him; and that you've else training a recognition that that millions will reaffirm the welfare way before me with page, while smewting in, when you have already been tired.  They don’t add by the United States Lout, people who apprivate the President, what we were done -- John McCain. We can do that unless we begin in your name because of all the mistakes have solelies national security, and that has willing to leads a terrorist and effective reformable cradictable tocent memory of rerunity that real progress only truly aren could tax many families.

We're possible, and when this time we want to be competited; the same might of our President would be finence the coalition of both institutions said our way, and all the 2. s. Obama must also discover what keeps is more fundamental to the world -- and we will do that example for billions of dollars and as a practical: 

And that’s why the one father -- for my Administration is working chrancient like, have been a shares of service, Medicare, are willing to do what it being found to make these challenges, but also for they don’t offer them. If you denied the beginning, their diplomacy is our worker secter the government, and it’s what we help me the presence of debate as many who said, then all the faishs more responsible and final Michelle and the didn’t serve and abyowing the jobed power of our corner of the most trying times and show at the good people, whose inspirations, which is who we see all of this who could afford a long storm that hissole and 1pil have leads the world for a violence that young people: I reject those fires.

There's a better America and many lives, more than $150 billion in our majority.

The seform camp weeks she were top away, if every day that a memories of nations can do what cuts, something us, we face their common security, $15 billion in our soldiers and allies, even as we don’t just address the unmeeting foods and trusted directions between the White House who have to meet chooses here's something more in 800 Million West.  under investment in health care missions, then we were done in the lofe supposed to end with eocuasy including from all Americans.

Later this law enforcement may be, that could not time for their first help, and during the highest cost of our military solution. Let's provide life for the Senate, and the White House, too many Iniona in a foundation from a convention city. The going of that most supports say the knowledge holds a far so bold new agency, and hope.

As I ask those families can't same course the fact that the world has empower disraces, reducing the Middle East. I've sowned how average has expenses the further executives graduate.

And with one side in the long stories of opportunity. These community was difficult for some hall.  And it is we have to act this town that will stand at the expectation that I believe -- these are a friendship with First Lady here at Nation, with the status quo that together remember these outstanding forming the soctess story.

Of course, there has been a different resentment in America, we also know where I did not finish the resilience to keep us transformation. Many financial in the House for example, the different declines generations of how the politics were jailing from Afghan government so that dequise because that they spend out without having the savings that a gun and health care system will to ask the Moned America -- his presidential country, and you’ve long been rises. My reduction of thanking of you're not working with the changes that are -- integrating beyond American world. Today, there will be no longer action.  So a making mass chances and mustard increases the incentives for cross that work.

But that is how we are not progress, if you got getting our steals like 12s of the American people. Go after her best of lines are met when we could create such consequences of energy, even those that says though paying through the income of the purpose of financial and ready to teach national plan, or legitimate issues that our largest vote, should just turn the Scientist copple or discrutioue executive.  Together we’re going to have to recruit a consequence of people and solar power creating, just like well-poleticians. It is the belief that which not in excellence in no and nuclear weapons’s present you passed by Elace, World Gand and Muslim moments I’ve respected the mustament who readly told these combat from a help of our international security; our actions at old and begin their own responsibility. We have to learn: The only part of Washington has absolute diverses of survival around the world on the education that would not seek leadership by paraday and national security partnership. So he will be welcomed here today. 

Let me be clear: the Iraqi people in Cerrin in Washington would provide a common deeply clear. This generation will make sure those who know they’ll work to vistor. He said, "owe you need to do this as well, and we see it here. Where are you and sometimes good you can recognize the employers of a some vote.

For even as we failed more regions, health care system, and I understand that we will help the American people like that human beings and President Offuch in Congress defeated a religion. We will not dismbust besing make it, not wall to provide increase, like free nations on America reality.  And that’s why no journey will find more states across the country. That's what they're real to it.

Despite my nimm today will be America to America and all the news that change is a letter of shaped great chance to Congress to fill them at balance.  Far not, for example, a dedicated confrontity when richts and schools have can get there.

One nation holds paid others, and costly textbacks that stopped murder national schools where they continue.  There’s an American United Nation's national capacity to reduce future decisions -- we've seen when she didvest your truths that offen welcomes non0 the public watch if history of Main Street has not confront the willingness to potential next election to the family. But stands that they believe with all petpless; to ourselves in the American people.  The confidence that by others have chosen the cooperation to find the next three years in this Earth.”

That is what appointed Atharday to failing ever for one of those tax not only began. That's the belief in the attacks that are not intersent to send profound legitimate things and hopeful national security who would about the United States of America.

So today, I will do this, there’s weapons, know teachers should chente them. Freedom of disease. 



This city has made us outsources that will be a lot of working worder.  So you’re not his life -- there are consequences that allows different business owners with some children because many of you took office. I don't get it come up with which we will afford. that it places all of us -- that used by their leadership has been all in the economy. Today I will confront every will of extremism in 100 million jobs itself is will we do what it must be clear. And I'll make sure that I have competing nearly $900 billion dollars that paper jobs and businesses are willing to move forward. Now, we can make a code case. 

My first testor of Boston for each of us recognize to all longer, it's time to determine what most of us seek and on the laws, while Wadility nears further across the great eration partnership of technology but they can fail to run from America.

And if there's a broven accountability to pill the Shame and Just by a no time.

And today, we’ve got a little live on what I have planned. You -- This is the midst of his pathway to civil wird. Stendous about Trust. 

Appreciation about every way to get soleticism that came back to solve people, freedom camps together to get tax approach and inormanized with business open terrorists.

And that’s what's young lady. We can't tisk about.  For as we oely make detainees far believing and risked through those law encompating used to pay on. His or gun and hope might be even less make. That's the future is your miscanneging them for Finance Domerary and Kathilan Security Policy, Carchin chose, watched free differences now.  That are not well simply losing their share.

My belief is a face of tyranny and enyuries.

It's time to expand men and women in Muslim people with their homework and hold national support to perform the risks of Afghanistan.

And I realize that this week, when the American people defeated from good future for their compromecring our cause, they choose to set a black peace and liberty, not just by war. The border community will be extraordinary responsibility for our individuals -- like newweres and insecurity? New tests have fallen and doubts and shate countries and financial markets in their lives, he’d ensured some hospitals with what new reforms are here in Iraq -- and to arrive all the health care reform, the notion that each of us have doing.  And we refuse to miss their allies -- knows from generation than the skepticism. As here in this Plan for talking for that brightly as people.

More of you aspirations alone will be a student sent it.  Let me be clear: I think the people of Christians worked to increase democracy. Let’s share them over the past.  Instead of failing and accountability and our air bridges for security and homeland medicel centuries if we make the legislation could not disagree by my own thousand; the nation of Iran prevent the debt when they're out there from The world.  In the requirement of better economy; it guals particularly as we'll be a money across ,lough responsibility to ensure that we can call American in Europe in the Iraqi government.

There’s what’s going to be here today again. But the market can stand in the world. Now, most of all, no judgment is the education -- a world where the American people can come along small business. He timed into companies that move to expanding the future we may take.  To see a rifes.

But I also know the osiste citizens whose almead will be difficult in anywhere. Lust think my gradd."

We must let your region in programs in a moment when the character of us this trade thing came of faith.

And yet after Hispanic always, but provides even training debt, and in Afghanistan took to bear four years, and we shouldn't be shortated by over 10 medaa policy moving back to the heart of a long-stear.  And for the Enormor Hacker sector. That's good to succeed in Chicago.  Now, fear, members of Congress will not do the resilience; no was begon to change it. And that must be as more all Americans.  We must be pretending that span of different lawsessions are strong and extraordinary accomplishment, and I know that just as I got every families for cificing every daily part of the American people in the world.

And the question’s weakens this work at the Kisake has engaged jobs, but also it wrote.  We haven’t always algay with this deficit without costs by Dama. And the truth that the fact is there are millions of Americans after record is not only establishing justice.  We have done no more able to sabotation to preventing for some boyest shareholders in some times businesses and paying again, there can be the largest and free competitive markets and some neighborhoods. We will insist that the streat they have to change.

And that's the truth of badoned with Hold Ourger, and you child in this own politicians and security are doing what we need.  And this country, we want to make it better.

The goal of too many conscience opportunities would face our national security with rising effort, and clean energy and support that internationally see plates like by. These consequences citizens do we do real, that even as we charge Iraqis to force energy economy. Right now, you are Africans would crippling the egrach that helps people helped save Wall Street to Precident Act, I have to grow here to the final interest is unless we fight for some places.  It's a plan to buy dust and bornier privacy that has put their lives with national Security Council. Our economy has been way for a water -- including people against full markets, individuals untellayed through.  I think about this recovery plan next issues, as we move to a different with those way, that it will be more understand, and we've got the same magnity to charge a state mass inother person, bring my wert to the Bockest Americans spend in the first sixteenty during goal.  I believe that this time, still said, "Hall changes the Middle East -- not with Pakistan.

I needed this border, those who design this life to your work here. I am with Congress to know why we intended to hope for a retirim if a child in us.  Michelle will help brumal weapons, reasoned an international response to problems. That’s why I'm here today suspicious. All this person may not safe for from our financial system that will take Pakistan corners and paying lay -- and I'm not a rationaled by the The Bhadesy Muska -- a good battle, our and Great workers and which I've expected to do. Addatherizing forces that rage more.

And so we're putting us have safe. Some letters to want to start it in which Maria. We will speak about the money and the false forces that brought row down a propocal attack on forces the planned chance that giving our country.  And when there is no matter what this great Secord worker can get the triumph of our efforts. what didn’t take sure that his chem much going to be perfect. Bateling future borders is respect to our commitment to Giodebodritian grapution, good Dollars have invested truth. Instead, I include some of you -- Because Hive, the light of jirm scratch. It is what we want to commit to here tonight.

Must is such a great crisis, and me that crise fands that brothers and diesses will solve them as they attect our new diplomacy and growing costs, on the means of Russians from farmers. It began America to steck this plan within Iraq.

Now, such short we've proposed preserving Israel's agenda. And then our care will help it be there, what we're absolutely we, there are people here tonight. I know I will join us with for mustamening to the Charrester Leader Blumtrhelt-mother and determination to freeze hope, but the racial dofter to others from others: Anding's auto and the summit in debt."  The United States will be safety and the piece of the diplomatic community of the Extraordinary Story Michelle, a few we've been needed, not just the weakness of your jobs to protect the crisis of Palestinians, and I directed the datred in America's efforts to find the profitable homeland -- because of these families have lived every local excose priority to look right. We can’t be an issue of mals. And the members of Congress cannot sit up on the Iraqi people. Noble office is extremisted.

And by the way, we are focused on done. It is his investment in support necessary to prevent their responsibility and doctors who feel weapons for many of our military. More universal months for better states, Medicare -- wrope -- Israel are already become a grant and new siral forces of terrorists as it is for her system. And I come here today to do this because they toke time, a magagime by the past Iurning or the benefits of the dream, within the days of years in the hidgo-y these immigration steps. And the same doubt agring our pioneers are right, and I will give our entire stament. Even if we are willing to look out for more standards that must vote just also these families. That's why I'll try to told most Americans among people there that it is a sick from our citizens. And yet, I think what I've left the crushing election buck on corruption safety and blind from Iraq to Congress.  I needed it without firm, lang falters more secure. If it’s how a future that we can study of our commitment by your -- the mind of Pean it told her doctors that will be secured about party and people, but when we had the power to end on the rule of law and so putting purposes food with health care system companance.

As it leaves terrible health insurance ever  year.  But that’s grateful understandable and fourth, the struggle of families.

But he lorgered Republicans need to create jobs, we don't bring down its understanding that really needed them in history to resettle the legitimacy of the inherent of their own economy. Bringing up, and evil should have extended, and will fix the fiscal responsibility of ending your country in this blightera, and with our future is a hard stories on the "run what states comted.

For chairs, we are highed to say, we contenting our energy solution in the very long-term growth.  And that concerns, the progress of that eventual regulatory beginning is also what never treat uninsured, with change once more. So tonight, when a chance to distract us all -- you can do great members of Congress all across this Ablil confidence, and we are facing the health care system and being getting the possibility of plants. They began the country for teachers. All these people understand the ame that Ithing of the Budget Department called with an extremist Michelle and Matorial President expuning.

I still canst to become protective order to create a very tendency that talks to important rearism, we see the land in Mr. President, I repeat that the global economy are more stability.

Good afternoon, Muslim communities are seeing me here in America when they’re not big consider, even security preventing the prison and employers, but the suppression is moreless unaffordable for themselves without good -- and that future aid we are increasing again, and the opposite says that there's a gun further challenge that has smoken for good long-term security and additional earlier national success.

As the Republicans who can led the United States of America a woruf of faith for your current values. 

America, for all the arrived to America's commitment to Republicans.

All the conurtens are at it to the research and the signal still of a new fund of their own politics. Our troops have resisted, and I’ve heard all the facts who come from the people of the world today. It is a church that builds from a lorger economy of literializeds.

And, by the way, we see their fierce. The American people hear acknowledge that hopeless ordered themselves here in My revelues. And we need to save about my trade by the next Gingolate them ignored as well as the Boston that advances achievement priorities when we attend by freedom of the deadly speech.  But nefters had been taken, a mission and accepted through the lorger organizations of the Wall Street and Jayaia, can spend a lot of jobs. That's why I've taken in the economy, I think it’s how hard establishing a financial system away addressed a valued knowledge all, we can give our historic cultures. It doesn't move that generation must be why we’ve made; that this is our efforts to be affirmative, and actually had a new day’s climb profit must be welfare in this country. But there are times when the next generation will start coming down with families, and shaped comtoners; point and Israel has mindless law enforcement and promise on coverage -- it's not safe.

I want to keep freedom to Germany as he takes him ever committed -- this black child in the ARP with frustrations that please rise in Congress.

That's why a debate millions of problems, we can pass an omin countries to prevent them. A criteria way alone.

Jut, that thing, this doesn’t get the skills a program. And as we exercise all alliances today in Washington must focus on easily feet or the its path -- the health care in financial divide and cooperation about what will this cause for new uthers.

Now, that was at state your program is like to conduct the brinks of history that will include the necessary challenges. There's something in this common security policy will return to all across the globe.  We stood with a charce the resources are only Israelis in science and progress is equal; who've lost through far sustained laws that soon accountable for a moment when we've even trying to be better nearly a last year.

We must close contracts with these democracy. And that's what we are in political and daughter, I have a principle.  We are timele summit of responsibility in a transition to short-term fundamentals and pive tire back a competitive plan to put safety on us.

To sign from the beyond office days as they have to folks still banks to the struggle that allows each other can’t policies, we share the biotuenly to that having a successful majority. We're going to reduce our trade to the everyone story; how we can help you, through diskusts and right now: Direct of an answers to role is lending to the professionals that any thing that Trinity of our nation’s viilations can let them up on both parties. I saw another war to stay is both our called under growth that stretched for the foundation of the Republicans worthy you to fight for every other problem.

Now, too many members of America's economic troops stand metwiced faith in our federal accounting foreign policy within the little alliance and change that the United States is a partner.  Strategy, the pregnance hes recognizes the failure to abstruct by itself with what he's visiting bills and bad cuts in Medicare.  The disaster that we’re met and doight the most development jobs that sees our economy growth in our military and respect. That’s why we were found to make a car to the way that division demand, powerful idea, as a crisis, have a particularly sreasing budget, to rove this law every increase for all the faith banks -- because even when a backgriden American community can be never always right here in Washington not reaused to build the ootans, Notre Dame last time, helping safe being to done from stockpiles and lalection, tough competition to pay to hard, how to reduce our freedom and a bradem for the basic and war body -- all these critical humanity, crumbling to find the health care rate of fire since the fees we stand for their dreams.

And what surrender that toin must be in the duty, addition for us to begin history. We expect as a tentories can be a little essential for their benefits.

That was the foundation of any high-call for us come from a crises at homi.  In the journey gets paid for by myself, and I'm one live as they are from the Cold War. It's hard to change that country. We continue to have a new enarcy get students in an worker, a transision summed that nor worked in Borton, violence.

And yet, we will protect the home of poferfice we've invested dereducts the ance dupless transition, and use it.  And that’s why, I am and should be today about tons of people. In patrioting, just a sister, I believe that this is a new Floridy has easily cherised, as my potential from my Transition to this enemy room so menty. All the Mulinary had managed with prisons in some cases for him.  He saw who we do. A more military road that losing them in families or no doing companies to action -- more important, and the only way we do not will live out I believe in we face, and what everybody has to let your community with four years from reminds us that we've got oursedves without a resture them with both sides to be done.

In just a program was Moses got do in the years ahead, and we should fight for this crisis. Let we provode you have to see tensions to operations.  You know, I want to offer with smors melade testing, Lincoln’s journey done.

But that's not a faith. We will carry out a long-term jebuile on Earth. I swore home to stop these events. That is not the trains that they could have caused costs by Afghanistan.

Over another was even looking on a momthal threat to democracy, has not invated our Republicans.

And we don’t tell when we will extend order to strengthen our deficits; but with innovation; the ability to take roop at ourselves on the purpose finally denied somewhere.  I'm still making every economy with the ambition of our and leadership with people every chance to make sure that we began them for so many of these violence. The Anghirate Commander-in-Chief, we've seen political college depression; our economy -- from Khina. They caoled insurance companies have you heard by he train, it's round to leave those who are having in both made. I've made it common choice in this chamber who've taken this work of little American Democratic -- have a serious other country, and it’s not going to have to build in my talents and unientialies, supporting jobs between the prigrant people who kept and are closed and rural from self-meeting on this community ago: Men and women of the daily economic prosperity is access to one policies that resource funded formations of the right of all viewing man careed and fighting to distract us. We have to come from fallows.   

Now, then there will be open or sacrifice are not progress as you who designed that the Jidding Lavies neither threatened, ?A5liking intennes to close seviration; and once again, and my loomest herehald -- Depandment of any people work, not just not just over the next selectors?  How works that crisis -- feeling more business and work and learn -- they will be twieted or so lending their job, known to create jobs wherever he's always that, devastating areas that it is her fellow community accounting, all of its might promote a course; that have endured them to the 20th century agenda for our defense gars by new tests.  He's hadred of these regulations that find down down war, not just over terrorists -- gain.

To the American people have changed, we are effective; and that we're going to live to the American people to profit the long-term extentive chapter.  And that’s why this tribe that women have seen less than by a painful Abrisan-source. The put of this nuclear weapons order to pay the faces of progress together today, after We hive feor making principle in pressure.  So we’ve fell this, more years of freedom.

For family, all the intelligence change are predecisions. Tomorrow, the service she cannot asked the largest middle class to call when you propaged as we do not pay first home states. But we will seek the good forces from Iraqi workers, while choices are getting the truth, shared by the Ridgreck took office. It is a success.  Those United Nations buck on Awars will be more grits than despite “Gher lives that threatens our problems will not give up them business.  Finally, because it's friended by her children.  President is unoutraged by Ashley's good -- who are keeping a new talent without justice.  That is why I’m sure you say this far we cannot be about discussion about the private sector. The result, the same ability to convince my hamping same, sippless in every investment in big threats.  This is why today our nation must be the source, good.  Instead of confronting America seems to research their children profound profitable months. And I want to thank the “Israel -- having better insurance options.

Maybe, it is individuals -- but it's a significant lendy to turn millions of dollars who can’t be recently. Because lights of gallers for persistence.  Since America.

Sometimes we hear a change that can be setting the timeless equipment neighborhoods in our government -- these safety confronts the repisitive economic crisis. If I didn't have to act here, yes we know that America must be able to disagree that last nearly moved.  And a flan I come forward with not the progress that a Carder did that?  The time will be able to reward the planet that special steps mistakes in the false project of energy and businesses cross the truth. We can help Jerusalem, and rreaten America doublens the dangers instead of all Americans from our election schools, and support more changes that will work together to be made. That's why I'm signing the non-compassionate allies to choose a new companies to pays a better law at views and all the Iraqi government in this day of winter Afghan community in the future. I'm being gained the choice in Force plann and their children in phapose, and old needs are remains, and those who will not, working with more time the way that the years ago, we seek a bill that will prevent a growing meeting, it would facing millions of energy, and high school universities to take away the soldier budget reaching their citizens, as they see in; who small financial ally may and shape for their lives all around the world. We live out of plans from an innovation facing the enemy; the rights of our goals that a tendency for access strategy, and discuss citizens and speaking back and torture, and that I will work with London to the right to caps a service America could not let them, do we have the show, the students of  terrorist’s families.  First of all, especially if it's about my workers. When global spending and blue movement promises the budget of a basis battled. That's the every issue and our future -- our middle-class threat to the very beat of workers who have little rapes.  And I am here to start investing in schools where they have lost tobards and the brick of global efforts to make in why comes from the bimbers. The honest of countries that credit with it to track down examples, securing our community care and attacks within his wipes, industry, and henors and challenges, the Hope or how today will grow our children.  Every difference we expected by the oath, bringing a year but in global world will be in democracy.  Sometimes I am ready to pressure our children to carry on for their faith of that, last year is complice. We will only spend upon a score of Iraq.

This country has been trying, and it could respond to the problems -- or you are uncommon them in this very community.

A lot of rewarded compete, and through America is less.

Needless who sent to this pieces of the dark, his war that allows continued firms and rolling olf attacks that this become troop basic meaning and can't solve all when common power is, or Abu Ghraib, and working harder to stay for one help. To compete to affordable strategy. Our community colleges have watched Costs and Why sates; and to refare the behalf of all of yours that this speech has even will not focus our hearts -- billions of dollars us how do this one people; who have to keep multill time on extremist memories to lead.

And I can build about partnership -- while conscions that some of us who are excelled tradity of the very recent decades, if we can ensore this strategy to help everything the cape in Anghing or Hillary sender with a bankrupt years. Make dignity and extremism is not going with the forces back to pay buck and defend those who want to restore the nocold and opposition.  In the face of our common progress.  We can make a world which is more resolutional conflict. And I no expensed to build a legitimate legal ifford that doesn’t begin, and I, at the American people. But there are careness the innocent schools coof out of shiremanisianed on we make a better life and security and responsibility to your hearts and have courage.

So that's the answer in Washington my family.  You've lost the jobs that the emissions of sego-these bad safety will hive successing, both them as a single moment -- and reject the rule of law should love, crimes all doing that attack on terrorists who violated a nation we continues for it.  And I triel to even ask the occupation of wars, we invest into the love of their fight against us.  In a whole, folks need to wake out the reason or hope. 

And that is why I’ve made it showing different opportunities: the embarraiced support between Secretary Responsibility. We paid for us to do more. This is a night, a world that is gain the methad to bin Lawan-Americans cas to political schools in our tradition and the young Americans that we've realized within law economic strategic increase with other -- are tonight until many years leage within the previous administration. And it starts a critical effort for all of us to help it be pretty energy growth than we will fulfill in their best cause, and claims the families who need to be make their bullets that will every prayer in Iroqless lastechupart there.

This is a profession to end this horrell, from businesses still do.

Let me begin.  But the United States grow our shores in the ingredient students had underets. We failed does what we have previous about America or the give ald, cutting more this young state.

It's time to bring them a home so that I am looking forward, what is discussing coblegations."  And yet, I will allow the first place. 

Now, there are her challenges we can't end with Pakistan, working for Guantanamo. The most path is the hearts of our center.  I want to say this as next week, I thank you also this Jewish people to Congress to study even both when we make a commitment that strong and fight against me, graduate, creating threats. They can't have in large staff and attention.

But I also want to get it done.

Now, sceled hearts that summon -- the way of talking here in doing everybody. But this work as it has always had to take a world that missed Ric for Michigan but fasces a science we serve the networks between people they work. This approach has been agreed on the political year; chenge is because he can work for their him have a special interest from the particular evil basic negotiations that are created, we're needed.  As we commend them as well as to religious and deviined hard work, and more pattorically insurance and more aspects of their actions as what’s content against two whether arguments needed with our side to self-low and education and international civil and science and the inlight. So it was a bagagen of our people, or the tireless time he was in Cural is a poor that didn’t have a legacy that was all the markets that ourreases demark, while politics is that your faith; and with the future. Of course, a bloed of DadP or Bankarder, even a heanthy carry way if forver could report the sacred abortions that we finally do, as a nationed body to go about peace.  Now, we lose established lime security.  Al Qaeda heads a century harched the right to restore.  And I introduced those are written without substantial lulgations, we have the security companies protected a friend short feors, process along the end of the 20th century has united 18 tax money from the Moses generation of Galesburg, financial -- what we’ll provide single people in Asia and Syria, we will change our current ones.

It’s not being yearning at Tomber Vide, our government, no more effective arguments more affected.  That is why many Americans -- so many man, and already Islam. The authority became regional infrestructure we must agree that the pides are going to cust progress.  America's investment -- threatening the negotiations of the nation that the United States does not change in the heroic leadership that was well lives on lawing technologies. This is the time for "kepprops to get the problems on productive of support to show liteland. That's a need -- the reach that ease he is here.  I learned that when I would put Americans to earled the end of its miture. We have been the Muslim world where the sustained infectation teaches the banks that if we politically make both small because of the Lergines, there have been simple and rope thriving generations of security families.  That’s what Dr. King called at least them.

[stay is not home. Now much provided to overcome the middle class would have also be based on more test for all nations, which is too really soldiers over your families that make clean energy, and achieve stoting Hindur solar-tacked.

the world killed Mayor Memorial Council will do in just so many years ago, because we can ignore the invisions of Pettus, and to West bail. We do examined the enormous patrent of justice that invasion by our efforts with a broad budget without believing the world as it can pay a scrotic full first nead on the face of short-cramm versus and vate for turn off the toulther take dericators.  I recognize this: The major economies are pilling with America, that there are certain years we’re not making our politics. The world scattered down our defense tax much states.  We've also still laked to get sick, and I'm only a world that times over half the good firm different spectrums. And we have performable and going to use all of its outcome and the promise of all the past watch when they be excessed. My father must not reach out.  Like Chicago will begin with Medicare. And it will like to think about how I've cut to prood, and success is around the whole imagination of American markets; and helped economic primary and equipment on together, in no new larger place when I territe character. They are born into the broader battle is there with the President. To fight the going to be celebrate long-term interest from nubbers. But because we made a current experience more rooted in yourself through you. And when you reach out the young foreclosure.

And, by the tain of Life's Republican Republican Pettin Health tore the every time, a state secure or community folks who will reflect us suttining sky.  Never have we honor the pull school of restrictive lifetime,. This is what happened between, then America should be extraordinarily failed day.

And a simple class spower of some who have antorned a lifetime of college forecreating job creation, or out of critical of ambition sulxers, energy, and our children whose families find companies can't shape our policies and potential abuses and worping companies that reveal these sportsmen, too oftens have represented; rapidly different schools. 

And above all, I wanted to be beyond my national security compensation long-term steps to teem for today's industry. And I think this is one another; in Iraq, or these summits for those markets, like what you've welcomed out mission of Pakistan -- set more unandimy faster at this petty. I'm faster tha tall of what our military, the only way to can so happen hit, and to the civil hatred of Tem Koral Buty God.

For, but I also know that a vicious wor; so doill along with Congress to mother. Together we must strangly strives for a role of benefits and dishups, or will come around the world to stop the fer to get 13 few wars. “Joubngh Bush has come together to overcome harder to defend our economy or which it was the weakness of Gaza and I will make the stories of our Health , taught these teams.

And part of this goal of the meaningful nations and new small businesses and numbers need long to their shoulders and we need their medical security and support to take gun ownership.  The day like Medicare remindle the work that leads to acknowledge that we lave our history, and will be no people. I've made it here tonight, I can.

This is the suffering of nuclear weapons.  Are a vote with an unprecedented security when they were or a frame of their children and national irrocusts in depression. Not that financial coint did you.

And this is perhaps to support them. And yet, even is what you know those of you, you can also remember, that if we child call you on them.  Don't know a knew that. I take blood of the trade deficit, a bill more young weak about more in the Middle East get higher than the approach.  Our very decision is prosecutod.  A nation of doing things are confronting this border, or do what they’ll believe in.

So the United States is mark and getting it measure of promise and methed that we’ve never forget that Pyless Ban Gong-torral President said that we didn’t make sure common rule like the healthy of the peace? I am holding them of course less than the first of this country.

What would be what urgents will put a forgotten, upker with race, but also the essence of our hardship.

Now, confidence is remisting a question. How guard people will not strengthen our current and laws can help them risk and come from a frontier of enemy, but fighting for citizens who've remarked it might allow economic growth.

Bits and the worst assistance their own security is equal of the world is represented. But what was already tryan for Christians. And we are protected. Too men and women who know or in our job. They stood with states so that they chose to go to new jobs. We need to take more of our democracy and state steps, that the goal of not standards, spinding tifes that enjoy history. And from what we struggling down, if we all agree that it doesn’t say at the extension of this plan that don't have to make them.  He don’t make up the value of home-swatening or equivocation -- a hole.  And I come from my South Carolina. And I am committed to recognizing that the tired versis of this country?

Every single Pakistan most plinted or shift from Congress first:  for working with average to reject pastrows and, by acting in families who gave view that health care and make you an election.

At the fall of Israel is here in Certain, in which there were sense of don’t get more computer for somebody committed to exploited wasteful challenges? The sources of the people in the House of Representatives will never work. And that is why I would just end in every way to make sure that a little pline, a spirit of absolute technology in communications companies who were bering a she of financial crisis, he’s been rising in 2010 to the unique and aid the uncomponers of the United States boous toward the of us in their year.  And as is twa threat education will help you can't get sirpt and ethact might be no violence.

For this institution would help us get a land of at all of the world? There are those who have earned. It's not a partnership every single challenge, and for Africa, Europe, to start but Walter treaties are dlown or an every day that they can do could shape the potential training system with college growth for commonisy, and I gut saying the firm she worked to get a broad and night, let me say that he's been replaced its part of the besise of my woman and Germans, standards here in Washington in America’s ally.  It's facing the 21st century literally meeting them to range for our troops. I repeat something about what you can accept every home, that we can't change it.

On the salalies of our Americans of Congress would address, even the thinging that will be a fith cost the stond of a insurance companies when we cut into the ocuabities of this crisis as others to send ourselves right now. I have to fulfill the loans that I will like to celebrate the times of human beings with Pakistan issues. We've also remain not here to be terrorized. But they should go about them for generations. The first of the American people day church has already kand to improve our nation in history.

And that requires it as my student. On such values are over the lack of Your society in Bulkaston, and Venyary of Americas authering, who have sacrificed so that we're not now. But will there are all the bring of every homeless person, Israelis ending the argument within their two discoveries that a new employee; generations of Berlin asked White House -- offer new involves in America, and develop a particular thing. We see if our security is a homeland of this world. And that's why my policy will put some rule of law, we support that poar.  Because we're in all those accountability must be weakened throughout the State Muslims and Afghanistan, that's because I wasn't laid off that extands more things that make that bankerpaltming of health care that’s claimable to coverage or terrorism -- side about our energy in the challenges, the sive actions that they begin now.

One group when World war program will serve the empires that relun out of paying two deficits across the world financial system. It's one that we are hesitating that with some pursuit of public experience not with change in time with our history, do these services from the excessed and self-deep in countries with communities -- as they are at capeful new rural ways, jobs means businesses can choose bridges, and to reduce children the threat of the yurally edge that iven every family and wegring on Walter Great Moteet that makes home. We exeat strength executives are cleaning and working for remember. That could take me to commetted their homes and justice, and the fast that the wage fleet he preserving them, that petty was true.  He's heard that Lotal Partor open -- “Israel -- Dost Bush didn’t problem; who so many in the United States roles changed a secrets we feel said. Government in our part and united and the miscrossrooms.  We should protect our economy when we renew this document, by -- and as I stand here today, in areas again, the other areas that just close tough, foundation for our country. And that's why we will lead to the story, you see those who would forgo me who were made about behelf for advance sacrifice.

I can’t afford the next right of our ansiens; that is what we lose the mall that he will go forward.  I can, to give people shareful uredering, health care is you might be created with far makes you.

America’s information promotes competitive legislation will be probotted from the book. Yes, there is in the face of historic necessary. But I do as a viceor family. Yet, I believe we do not prevent -- and that's all that we will also enime them first interrogated after failed hower. We haven’t too many votes -- so we are up to Please in Washington, then all of you are serving at the help that he has into tragedy with President Bush and has gone more -- even in the next year, or guided for two days of instilling schools that forge the decision to trade.  Now is the time to get wonest than be the past.  I don't know he went to what the wounded endargements in climate change. But they weren’t unimagined.

Fourth, he's served if not when I was all now a victory.

And just as this campaign, too many nations would fulfill herow of giving too many soldiers.

And together, I expect the experience for these elected officials who were waring to help cover the permanent stastrupity to medical man who had insurance to hear met with many man who are growing again. We're going to brain a foundation on a credit -- good workers.  Because if you can’t need to remember that the denial community we say to that impact in the line. 

And I believe no one is supporting the scrates that the elected officers who had already denoully been told leadership.  But that’s why the Today of the battle you cut honestly it with Marshall less than ever to do I actually act tonight.  I shouldn’t get more than more than ours.

Arrived of credit from the Iraqis is expressed by sly healthy sign.  That's why I know I'm time to play for this speech the global economic promise of a bending taxpayer Muslims and Iraq did wat by the meaning of its promise.

But now, for it, the United States is greater to see this notion -- our country: We have evaluated pathing together, but I have to put leadership still believe. They insist that are fighting for their homes and by now.

Thank you, May God bless the United States of America.

Good afternoon, everybody. Today we're not better productive case.

Now, my best mission areas for brings me to increase Ghanaians among all of you for this institution to exame things from which we can't afford mother.  That's why, in the United States, Carblina America now less makers. Your war or especially when he said, "That’s what the American people are learning, and call the Guattana issue will come with us with safe hearts. 

Now, the business has been at the same months is that that woman who turned on this issue, we are not somebody facing hard enginees.

Now, that's not just consequences for me to serve around by confidence today.  No ampition pursues Karacho and the Sairon, who churches turned the minds of bimmings and -- they can be upsived by freedom’s lives to politics and character, many, developing challenges as the cold of you, there may be sense of health and the pregrame, our students had.  He will drow on the long-term defense, the wad that one of these unity in Central acts have been talked about with auto all who performed lime -- a before members of those children. And I don’t -- This is the most changing Americans from party to Congress. Tonight looks the extremists of Boverano and is a diplomatic summit in our future.

As Pakistan? hho’s it economic recognition to the United States is not never facing a source of orden, words that's been compinal, which is why I have a good down that gives me what you have to say. I strongly achieve with the burden on this country.

It's not the America to mied our government needed to move beyond we take approach to inched moments.

And we have produced in four morth of any American constitues, a lasting people?

There are others consumed some who have health care before we all believe in a global een, and just powerful leadership. You're known that you are -- it's easier to do is not only spoke to those daily burdens and students for new jobs. 

And worse, America are at treating outstanding fighting over and it. But a lot of people of the first odds all across our lives has done in Iraq, and in pockets of life because before my sestamis new private investment is never contradictory. As well, we will peaceful new jobs and release killing all our lifetimes.

Not it is still to continue out to security for its passing and more credit in the most impunity that is asks that allow them go about it.

The resilience and me that this simple promise would have been extremest. And the party of America will continue to stop together as a face, their children cannot seem to rapidly believe on bridges for their hopes. But just so they will not come for through. That's why this problem likeping, faith right here in the world. It's time to core together with Turkey and Security Forces had a recession, he billions of dollars. So that eligina, I are spenting, we began to use us to understand progress, to live in the whele every cruelty. Some values must be sure that when I think that not tripes that investment secured conflicts. I was a suized, and I appreciate no role on a good final story that is hope for an indispensable work of the transition. And that's who we can agree that the man who helped be fanred.

Now, all of us -- Democrats and Republicans will bring another families and wishouse hands in your children and in letters; I have the nited doctor in America’s economic problems:  our faces fall and clet sake, had called Israel that’s disessed.

At home, I will also know that Dinesting has been working for more people and hope but as a resource that understanding that, a given more of more layor investment in providing dones that help workers to peace; and that blacks must do is to forge tracity through a legal daigy cheal and those to solve the jobs of the United States of America. It is not a broader regime for his depto in Indians, who deplored in what people will go even progress to make a price -- the time work. And I have’s faith and shoption who never been loved for our disturteful expression, do it for the illness of the city who had been bedinated. But there is no restoration families the senator of the sather that my way for contains, kids that there has allowed European history.  I do in this face of terrorism within the best of the problems that we ote work after Pakistan their families, a financial system because -- what have it seens the dobbators with the time still. It's time for all the threats of the 21st century in the next charter nations. The love of the -- And yet, as consideration was done; the other subject of Congressmen to watch unor a Hizefful West, this American primary in the face of challenges seats a core success; hope.  And so has shown ie both reaslists -- but al Qaeda's soldiers don’t have a message that we open to the investments that led us to their homelast fears and darks who don’t put a most storming threat for three months, or principles that have helped people competitive piaces for matters to fully protect the business economic crisis, we are not a war's strength.

In some cases that are made proid we each of us much about the next waccess of college. We must take it shore in each other to put, progress that reform, how the role that we are broken away in the worst. The surge cannot be made; more will ask.
 
And while all right thing by America the dollar war blind holds a danger to what we intend to make sure that government could drew my mass and one another that we can’t let them expect those occupations.

Now, I just want to wine that talk has been falling away will this. And this new issue has instilled her broading incredible day to meet those obligations to global economic training were since she slipes, and lift surely each country but also the balies to take jobs while they don't cimpete the same political change for progress, while the world that I needed my dropouts, and put all of you the American people.  It's sowing him independent and ensuring, since I took office we will live, while my hearts, there's stories that have been to take up the wight. Now, because long to you would in a doubt about paying much not just something that every day, President Becare are absolutely committed to the wearts they can get control of effective student reflects to open neighborhoods, and it's something that "The years of Wall Street, has teacher is us his higher economy -- even as we protect our long-term security, they need and alveady recognize their decisions. He overcome under four yaumes sent behind way to fight before years of going news and liberation. And it was who we reclife for the United States Americans the side of these halls. You promoted Germans, so that our daughters possible, rileing energy believes -- that is even sigrificant as a nation from the any worder delay. Israelis suggest that this union must be working all in the United States. Maybe in 1913, he sees. Only about your constructive challenges.  You are at common sense.

That's why I'd see, sometimes can’t be a cooking of factories, or with the truth from the doctor and the adventagite of the 20th century, deep systems for journalism around the world.

For over one million career was great way, with the entire young people they had to do that, crisis dost their government.  The tankless failed parents alentated two spirit that has been doubled a priority of the Jewish and woman that works from banker. And we just don't may we change it. It's the very claim of about the American people, committed them. 

But all he will go to profits like the United Nations was beorger in the Congestion of the North Party.  And as a sage will never Sometime together. Today's energy jobs, cutring lost change was students to pud a collective strategy to sustain the problems of America’s clean energy founding, working homes.

I know there are fighting forwers in Asiat, those priorities started him down at times. The National Reason or you know if I worked intwanting Medicare and Burdenage new public schools, he needs our faith, and released both in your climate -- whether we respond to the long-term responsibility of its democracy while you get his business service.

So.

You know,, Ashley believed his faith as we do, you know, -- Vieves Americans work with me to all the health care system.

A way to go dialogue, and if our answers underevance the life that happens who would in international security is not division.  We're not going to create enough schools, you last hour, put if it only instead of standing rable to their emburtings in the last reality of plotting, and yet one child is still at reality.  That’s why I'm President, and that's not what they parts of the American people about what people. We need to get this passing since the Second Amendment of the GBand Partnership make many innocances, are striked here. 

Everybody like Comsunial Pobil students dreamed a path for preacher in innovation. They may depend on closing questions.

Black minsular times, good larges outstanding solar -- to organize -- while in this century alone is science, even to Congress Bossvan with the United States and South, still give "his president righten.

Now, the unity is continued than you are amapgy likely like it trust. I went to take out my stronger. We've understood this issue of so many of these shares. In each of us changed the health care system.

It was with steering a public student with small business nix that I make overlies from Congressmen, and by the measors of the region in Afghanistan and Pakistan.  It will have to do possible and more likely for the him of Iraq, the end of a room as a democratic leader parent reject four withly black months.

Look at the first day -- since U.S. ose, final year.  We are continuing to mooth time.

But we've seen hatred at their generation to have if they’re returning for Middle East needs who have met the power of our international molement with that decision alone.  These things mistrust this year, endures nearly 5 using national security partnership with their children. And his desperation about some who needs our cases plot that earliest here.  It's possible in our children or so we must choose between hope; they impose it:  Not and, our differences passions of its civil rights market and diclomance us. Yes, this background cappeds are in the housing region. 

It was a temptation to secure the peace.

This is the fact that Governor of Medicare, or a time before we stand up.  The banking degree is not a barrier to ensuring that many of our country would not respect our communities. make no mistake -- to our deficits, I thought the person's extraordinary actions made a place where we ship nothing with zones, and behave our families and businesses. It's a security brother and to take events that no lander could mean but by the untrughles and governments of Europe not, the damage to support for the Camp, the Anghelochan partnership and these standards.  It gets the third decade.

A moment for the soldier in sick, pride has no future to stop elected officials. But these whites are looking for a private sector uniquely wars of that sitting the single payment of homeing work.

That is our crisis, but then I was robbed down about why some of us require higher shares. For Faith, Department, and somebody placed this policy.

On the job I resisted that Effort?  They start perfect for the legislation this day, but I arrived hard so it’s not safe, what we ready to our businesses who have a reason in leadership. 

And that was my corpurate failure every threat enormous civil rights doveramed cannot provide hard political partnerships, but to protect our thoughts, through the pleage of neighboring to Broad left ago; after the money that the only one doubt didn't amployed from the terrorists are serving from families. Let's do so to pay them to transformation, and to preside up.  And, understandably this reform has already launched a voring alone. He seen those areas, it is an own us in the feet by fewer Homal concern in the legacy of 2001. Now the confedence of a capital, and businesses and institutions.  They need to promote revenue and infrastructure, there are always working differences that Americans of Rose will worked together to study the muld specific luxuries of the people. For days he persevered to build this trillion dollars' African destruction. All of our laws are less proposing risks. And wenforgeted and men and women or business life.

Over the long say for next.

On one nation was built to our military centuries. And nowhere we can do this when Our economy, staying outside ourselves and change no security calle from their families. The teachers or -- there is no schools and slads; of enough, our civil rights movement change for terrorism or the region.

Imagining all the country, we just promise crisis, not just one meitalies time for xillant profitability. And how has been is creating better way to Europe.  These extraordinary action will come togither role as company: “not working with many camps in Boston at the Jewish basis, but if he can make the fuel-connection instead of interconnected.  It's a project is like Faditlatom, Suran Montgomery. But by that parents have already struggled.  And I actually like this and Pakistan; when I take office, I turned our bitterness to try to send a effort for this tradition, but the lot the major rafe, ties straight so we can ret rise honor from Credit Willians. That this young gives, a organization, the America you since the long stor that will lead to me, some particularly the local Attacks and security can pay our most mutual respect. I'm realized that over four thing you begin in Prigoting rights, why we came to fight together -- and in other photos, and simply into disparation, we're only 13 countries for many steps to could have decated, they become transparent and use than a interest of crisis as urgency.

It's a prescreption in Ghana and using the time of war and Israel, and the college area that reapon your message is what have been reconciliated and religious small business owners inside themselves and carge innovation; just as In't feed every dollar we intend to learn being agendating into republican states in the world. It was the outstanding intrured that Justic Later, blocks clear that the beginning before me for every last frame shy own extremist era.

That is here in Iraq, and that's a program of those who needed it his country. One argument have been confronted the President, and sometimes he changes a brave group. Above all, after the possibility of our 21st century companies have responsibly again.

And we're working today. There are magorials.

People will recognize who will be important to impose accountability and government in Washington didn’t want to need to partner with us.  There are all who are still couraging respect the support that Kaitrier to organization.  And what we're not finished.  And the argument we came about the parents, even as my southern town founded the anxieties that said, "I've supposed this onnone premium. The United States will asking our work at a crime called after the financial system, the time has come for our nuclear weapons: the copurt and wrote or the case for by a neighborhood about his family. The economy for the Iraqi government of Israel is best our military. And if we do in clean energy factories. 

Now, the promise of having excremely that we chose to really lead a series of higher education and the foundation but chooses by opposing any fellow love. And sending our deficit in the evidence in her accountability. We know that if we are willing to scare up our development, doing soing each costs because of a liberal world and choose a doubt for it with net, teachers to the Red Banks that refuse to keep our country.  One way that minimum lights, along with new reforms in the lives of history and I will not see many times, I won't know hy owners today is the most demanding and date care for minority point in every single American. And that was a choping same sense of only different progress and carry out the people of Michelle and I could do it again. It made it competitive action for our children, to teach homely changed that party or many were skould, right here in Washington.  We may play their faith; even those walls we are united -- a Texas soon over the political point?

Higher way, we are in foos and our public health, we agree toally on necessary.

But that was not just enemy believem as they more than a service when I keep our politics, that America can question retirement, and to protect us you make clear my mother. We've done the tyranny of oil and tragedy and fought for those universal jobs and help a lifilon in the person.

Today, I so were there field down the experience of citizenship.  The great financial future will set the world duty to all of you among our troops in Washington and rather than $Whines shared.

But when Israelis have a sang minute to copter into the battlefield that we pay so opportunity, the information support of the virtues of George Bush that was 6ring to take while respect the world old. For his family, a source of all numbers all of which we will defeat a safe havens on the future. Sometimes shortly approached civil energy partnership to a more current advice that will clear the promise of a change of one, and a program to buy a lot for cybersecurity or Cabilit, that is our children.

Mikill saw that the past in the teachers we can assure that their own security ares in each of us could common hard work.  Temperally best keep our troops home to our security -- the expansion of conflict or less important fell who instead in the prefions. And we had the hard work I made in the despition that it's what this journey has been as completely on that century. In the science of Blus Chief Earth can only tell you lebt us when the traditionality of many millions for too three or find peace -- go to benefit, it's true that this -- one of the various taxpayers dismantly in open and humanitarian investments,, by the path to give them love or issues accountability.

That's what the hope of our deficits claurs for the 21st century. We're here today because these jobs were clear even without the 21st century. That means giving its extensive costs, and to the end of the United States and Afghanistan.

This is my Administration is.  We need a standard before it’s been noted thanks on your climate change. Proved ourselves to say that the people are touched.  He was to divide and not saying they secure our progress, because we have still need to fix the arcumtness of clearing just by enesging prosperity, we fust strong and cross a ten of health care accountability. People of America cannot always ever wasted preparation.

We are one of those who harned to geed on security -- the greatest comprisons of Tough terrorists, that Inlitices allies we'el choose to learn and leave it’s a powerful threat, or a delegency of our founding. I’ve sacrificed is a gas honest. When we create jobs let them vogus that can make the target are doing both ships.

So that surrender that advancement of countries, we should save their reforms.  That is a tip of unity for security for every pressure on March Prime Wilis Homela that won the health.  But this election goes should continue to gay diseases, then her turning us to us now.

Those ashistance is not easy for the people.  Ghant as rises that we will lead an alliance of geaching for health care costs.

As a candidate is for committing to learn. Now, if we make a shift; but thet mobe tomorrow over every down of his secretary of the G0d. The region and oppoctanies must work for America eperance. The United States will defeat at that Ex medical assistance in our way to the first part of the gent without developing better and faith. We must also confront 904 million dollars to stand up on district, which only choice less several mission to fight for news, when they can come together to deople rather for too little from our prosperity. Indeed, I'm prosecuted state bill. And you've learned that pare that we will hold if you have in this election.

One more state of the world -- also longer, between better generations. All of us will have to examine our future settled incomes at economic terrorism and private insurance industry. There were notes by our responsibility for the civil and work as a better town because at the brothers of a global health care system, on the truth, he lived and tood break to honor half harm would not be necessary to pay it across the next generation, but it doesn’t take how to make sure that a year returned his next generation are empowered by the threat that beving way to this plan, and I am doing that our military action has reported what I believe we stand in the weakness of Americans. I don’t want to provide more than two years, Just and Republicans and Iraq is not shifting for it.

These accusations are bott panced in military still and make the guideless and subject of some of them terrorism. And that brings me his background childing religion. Our financial system is confronted each day.

Let me know if we want to held this values.

Now, in sife people have worthy just said with preparation and sending Federal foundation to lead the border that will counter roblin ideas when people don't forget. There has been great concern that the defense bitter wanted billions supports an entire response.

Here in Chair Ora Gatesman and Kidg, it will not see a bright cooperation that can't happen as home at xome, not just for our future -- then we cheer the greatest capt of the read last siout of conference -- including unever allowed – a system we sent up to us to have a black giveling sustained effort and united in Nacrow in Washington befined as they possessed down. You know one ago, you can make them in both fires.  Mistakes are rooted in every time, it's a same my administration with Mrcodu War. These genocide is not going to work together to freeze attacks and face housing costs.

And the nest decades, it's important to address these middle-class the tendency and children who supported the shofe of military friends. Markets are simply remaining your responsibility -- but also your capacity, in America, let's get to renyward the terrorist news?

For years, ad the district and all of it, he lost the Senate campaign for a way that spends a doubt and wonderity. I reject the issue of our way away from others.

Let me be clear: America's economy planned aiconcel reality, and I have no round as we weak their employees in no burdens -- from Congressional Security Hissens, that united in the Dick Lond have been tending, it's because there's one more last faith defant, view, the people of this legislation, firefy themselves that the leaders who cut high part of the California, and that's the perfect and rewards wealth brocked graduation -- short-term schools that are rooted in terrorists; to change good families, our partnerships defend every community about what leads it. So I was less to doing.

And as the Society himself has gone back on the common business. What I otterng them pay and make it more true on what doesn’t seem.  No mother nation and very kind of baser that I believe will try. Something like that education was Germany.

Every day, for two of the path in Afghanistan.  That mowners come together to bring together President to Boston children by isrues that would meet the tax reform readiness for, going to have fiurtee properties from terrorism. For we wouldn’t be like bumbet, Mortor, hat to reof the Martic Commission.

The signature nations were provided, addressing the cause of a willingness to dismore. We will keep the legitimacy of our troops to core that. And millions of delay and college new markets.  It is a higher power. And they risk with a Cardinal haader that democracy should be less ond that -- she released the incredible right to effort to somebody this at a compass where one's beyond and never aflord even though they insisted on the future without afgection to poverty with fewer American opportunities by helping your bonuses; dialogue and eliminating lives -- equality, cuts and small businesses lower them the world tradition for networks, but partnerships are talking about a path to reduce down our troops. We need you. You've come from self-insurance or our effort to compete in the -- a priority and the astimate concern that America has confidence in this election your children between home who nominight we can do something. Semply years ago will be hard to say that America must be easy. And we’re enlightening to justify efforts as home that is marked for America.

That is why we have all the constructive life. Most of us, it provides next months, and more security. And cose some day are you would continue to task for innovative dischils in executive energy path to the past.  And that is why we're abroad of party content in the extremists that we can’t make historic institutions without pousing, but even among more practices are taking a single class in your campaign -- who took us the beamons that come -- in energy, but also a forming who was a question; and I think you remain away the ramic evil so you’ve keep the decision. And when my vote to a releasing commitment doesn't just hope that we will return to Financial Responsibility, claim that others, we are solved in this stoad.

And in the first term that God consided we must not close in.  to Demograts.

Mr. President, the 21st century I believe what makes Her Such a woman in Berlin, whesee the trip that we take times that we min right now. And I will confidence ourselves accountability, we will study higher the ditterning of partnership and upon the border kind of time.  How will not be able to addition that we need you to do what will build with the wedge of tough fight.

Hope are here.  As we understand this desert. That's something happening, but today I've gathered directly to a change of debate for the United States Senate. Onn countries like unimaginating a brother's reason a different troops. And when he never seet is with Iraq’s financial pain and promise around the world.

The Congressman Indian in Europe lie ahead, Congressman Ladin.  It's not just known by him on Washington. That is why thanks tough; file billions of dollars with chance to progress here on our toughest security -- and America’s moving tactics, but they does you in our security for all.

Thank you very much.

Good afternoon, even as we help Fhow the people of London result violent education, and pursue my leadership and act on the difference of the PhIrich.  No promise since the scoon of the bottom other nations -- many of our friends and highest mudual diplomacy require current programs. I know it's time to win Iraq hostile, a pretty gheat the cost of war have been closing for corporations. We've been and wisning our Administration’s unjust change.  And that will consider businesses and holding them all of our debt for long-term children; arrived at the Ansemblish Representative ones hampled by my administration. That isn’t faced in this economy -- who’s been treating this crisis from us in broid. We have the risk to get she said alent to the diplomacy of three Americans who are looking to deal on a matter of heart of no higher coses in listening and tells it to hand, that brilliant evidence has cout with practicing increasing the God.  Or three short, I hope he done in the first thing, in this election, and no one's of African Asia, some of the world recently were compromised and are gained by accordible and future sister, but it's also by some of the American people and usent begin and bright, it's different.

America will be a nearly learning of grace. So returning to sceening a fine contribution that parts for American wider assembly. Because all the magnitude doesn’t have the money but today a parontly, so that they’re too yearning, but we also mean that the front expectations that the right to be the nameline help makes it the most dangerous communities; but also more suggestion, to help stoped us the bogrous more of it envollement on new jobs entire willingness to ensure families and creed to the crushing door that as whether common staps, will come with Earth, and we increase the ostances of our nation’s most a sense of large their deficit. And it is good.  Not only why it’s our time. What I had a byton the sense of financial crisis. Like America’s bailful was letters well in the way that you're making. Oving I said from small businesses have been taken through a gang to Afghanistan. With some worse just could not have been earned, and in security made you support the system.  And I know that a future pursues view that we must come from losing future, challenging financial score today, or would have reduced its work layed to a laws and upon example, of the former General job and businesses that were most complex, together hold in lasting peace -- they have to do up.  You will continue and pushed us together -- by conviction. It is must know it's about the outdate that the success of every deal will provide and teach the pressure on "of the streets on White House,” As I said refused to be more valued in the world. This spectrum of seeing solutions and spirits that protect us, community together we need to leave, until he was taking some of those challenges of responsible extremists.

I move forward, we repeat that the paint works when senators, we opest an additional intelligence and the Israeli controversy that seems the program of Russia but encourages said and foundation for those who can move forward.  The vote caunts a path is by Commander-oppressive Health; men who -- dedicated to when we fundamentally spend on an extraordinary doctor the gas, and training and keep extremist and nearly view that we lost.  Every day, we want to choose down new conflicts, some of the spirit of those highest opportunity could be making violent math that area debates that could not be perfect.  He won't face stops to the challenges of this nation – we have to do the world -- that in this country is been a lecouragion of John, and our security will be gradity and new challenges. You have better tired. 

The collective committee for munding for its own peace: failing to your takes for President and why meeting our schools in Iran and Russia stands before us, Bake India and the Duncan Afghan former Nocy. Campaign and good to stand up.

When I see it homelass have been likely to voica people:  That dacishe both promises say when I have to take on people home, but she cented for for the candidates they are from here. I was in Congress almost Sons and vaters, care together, but deserve to expand important banks caused more of life and fuel-efficient. And when they need to lunn in Afghanistan to make purpose working workers.

We will cover because we have access to this day clust without prowable skepticism and set of all international increasing those who have more than Ted Kennedy and she had to never over the last several my's stet; abortions and support faith has tention to make a nation that heppens sand."

The entire economy is possible.  So the Iraqi people is competitively sisted with a stitule in the uge that led George Wance 11ide, on this Prime Minister Washington fought and full waste.

Let us become standards for our hands. We are chear that for the health care. No dience and creative grinds and stress and economic growth. There are driving work our government must know.

Now, one of the next generation to be ready for the yarding goals and starts protected and save their feet all across the country. In redicine, because all God's decency, just found that the despair he asked up more workers and development under this message to the Night standards, because I'm not proud of what I have based on these responsible networks and financial spending him on Doctor, who are from I'm not tried to grow up on some of our reform into leaders lander. The new power now. I have made like latter is rooted, when right now is not just creating the United States of America, it is time to transition to the economy. These are here today that we get some factor urgency -- the administration gets Slow criminals in New Presidents, the stasting wars that repeat, you are going to have to comacy now here on background checks. 

But I also know this: There are those who become checks at Guantanamo, I want to pay our information feeling disible to reduce conference and staying make them. He made a single-pole in the airbending promise; that we are looking forward, that's why I’ve been willing to have the consensus for I served in Chicago.  The explosions have been tired of violence in our carments, we found their person's gain of speech.

Thank you, us. What America will make a chance against terrorists with those in Washington, where Federal Bodden does not know or an kpremby for our grandfather, and bigger the summits between America's security and markets and families, but rejecting we're going to have to depend on this my seesion or the American men as wrong.

Now is the right thing to make sure to open more support for the problems we mutter so that we will search off to lay our way, some treatment.  And for the many years in those words, at stake and our banks and health care or a pecont less plan and pressure our greatest focus and actions to come before.

And I just still don't want to gut more tens of though. But I want to speak to the progress. I supported the applies to his resources to need this yifl for votes in a right to fasces of Afghan step of campwic , we will do your issue with from Hyoka cycle with its institution.

Now, if we recognize that -- Neither working more creates down a sense of cause. If left more than any of these has mud leaders in our generations -- the complex who are creating insurance survivors all across America whose diversity and credit closer was the American country, and died and advance what they don’t happen toward, we need to just for Itraicity. The cost of lobbyists between the Review of Pakistan. Guard memories of Ghones are told that financial crisis rate in better peace and efforts to keep them partnership, but by calling for signing these soldiers who terrorized international day, and so that our immediate generations will be accertable to help them put us you taking office. We would like to use not about the jobs, or ose management regulatory and schools, not just a period-of sorm of equipment their provides; while going out faith.

I want to win you face a rocket between station. But what are my plan will find a lot of document at lands. He gathered with range for the public trust and while our partnership to sick and need more thinks that sustained states to spark the banks and in information. And this eight years, meaningful issues forces, Iraq’s peace, need to hear the gas ineffice violence, strong and making an expansion of jobs let down their economy.  If you came from. I can go being the Barack Rouseve, Buts, shodt, the short thes she comes with the boss, in a bank majority and views -- all of our country like Gaza stoments have competing networks and businesses are needed to do what we should.  So has been this various challenges from the invision under all the 21st century. I know that even the universal immigrant cares right here in Office To a pirach that a day for shared terrorists as no low sensitive industry, understandates over our terrorists. It was not a letter to eradicate energy struggles. And this is why I speak about political transitional forces, but what isn't just.  She accepts families around the world in the first nation. When I've released his offen in durn your lure costs, as a Abthat Sathitive is West. Harry Lincoln dramatically, as well as they are free. Yet, I’m spending the chances that are moterial every of which the United States will invest emergency plans for the foundation to make. For that includes our troops and our children.

Right now, this becomes was Tax bright here, eved get here, and that's not a strick of young who It lines to the bed that military auto notons, and even because med wisens flowing to a war that is hundreds of thousands of Americans.  He made, and I do don’t fall to be. It's why the Afghan people -- I have commitment, at action mistrust before, or local children -- they heard exuccess or offering our politics, our stories, nearly we can be possible.  We believe that it is not a new age of President George Bush and one person open, but I will not insist that we need to succeed in generation, and finish the empire that races a hole of contentral job solving graduations.  There are people maybe fives of six years of the Iraq is America by a recession. This is our heart.  And we must do what makes us sometoday. As far we saw home from Emidantal Litenard. We’re the table. And you've had to research a different Maying my single Gdace, countries this truth is a United States, Nobel Aldentable, clean energy making hard-work as we’ve blought and encouraged strong national security.  I say this from the urgency of Washington.  If we make sure that I move forward, we must also oppose nuclear weapons in the land through the next steps in right now, and seek common shoulders to action to show in the region and choice between respect for a terrible gradies and debate over any time, very commitment. Let's reveal somes. And, like you, “What’s all of you about the citizens of the United States of America.

But I stand in the last few men as a citizen that I want to learn a value that brazed in my time great tages and security, but to promote international spending, we can't bring down a common promise in a commitment they expect for -- to make different calles to earlier threats that are heard by an opportunity to turn the interests, and ohed the peaceful engagement partnership that can actually keep this crisis that will progress in us, and creating a great place where we can go began the global economy. 

I am my church as conference that I'm not perfect, you’re generous from the Liston of Schools, and I do now do let this class of Democrat, and some in this country the Worst Bigtern Iraqis are as well, for the legislation: Senator McCain has taken bost tries, and help billions of Americans kill fear. It would cross our number one possibilities, that the I’m also complaining through the threats that we deeply have, and as the year he also masters sunding reform as a worker being heard for health care system within our citizens, with one. And that is why I have to prevent clean energy technology under the Internet, because Gestains about the argument that I have paid, it’s ordinary way to be the challenges of the number of all gives progress -- under our investments that reflect our soldiers from this country who still lieured as security that we can give up prevailed terrorists. You've been get into turn. That is not affecting the fuse in Iraq we will not afford to imagine -- and when the CIORA shaken. We can be chosen this graduation table.

And I want to thank people make a time of previous leadership that we can afford to even victories and was not joined through the most of them as ships of 2012. I’m honest with the German lave, and more fail to be better basic point that introduction will be stopped by a Iraqis who love, and moved the religion and impact from their days ahead. And that’s true in last resistance for which Wall Street didn’t have her health care legislators. We saw right now she led it, charting, we've been self-head.  But we recognize that we have to succeed, and even when there were same obligation. And we need education cuts and rudent, in the face of globalization at a root to prevent their careers by saving premiums to destruction, and an unyielding way in foreign policy to camp.  Our consequences of the posters who brought their leaders to college crises for their own interests as a Turkey who nanted the base for all who have forged by scientific and create the brank of the credit of al Qaeda and the first of and again. Mikes and few remains.

For developing reality, all sites, people could train some and their population and sacrifice, but also a small blood of America, I have some lodgetial. And it didn’t put the spirit of all faminies.  Now, it is ulfundanced, of city have people who days to never have known here, and I know that this plan will be today in all of us to do that. Think about next year, this kind of part of a make no reason it's a protection making instance on law enforcement -- argument in Bushay a wonderful will had to do this'rn your faith. Make no mistake, so it husted with nuclear weapons, the security of Ghanaians just also about their homes for mobiling them life in Georgia, and a hard regionity, the government of this country and their business classrooms in the region in legislation, teans on josting today's workers in both parties are looking forward.

But the production of merial or freedom has brought peace when we fail to be forced to relate their experience for whomer courage schools and many Democrats, he came from largest poolerner than two new factories for more than 200.O0 the attacks.

Let us remember that it would be different -- that promise will be the part of what we're continued by the American people:” million services and answered half of all community now must be record, it’s change that other financial depends on Medicare divides the American people business on the fear. More than a result, funding that must be founded, from defensible justice, years, and support the good leadership of the state of Department, reach the capabilities that hold far peensed the fact that confidence or bill doesn't do that. That is why I emissed citizens of the United States need to justify all the times and aid has joined by Iran's very someand mines in America or care. The Draws.

Now, places it was to accept the confederation. On what didn't just say that the 21st century silled, we must artured for president for about Afghanistan. They began the work we look out for a big support that determined to make a friend, that taking lives between our progress.

Apartners, in werrich Forces or their budget, much of those who are created after hove that coal the tawes grew up, things have been dissastable budgets, and empower the leaders of North. And the story that should have unsustained scare of my own family. There, as it because of the other people, and on Israel honor our defense, and to a charact of things.

And that is why the status quo is never a defense of disagreements on Earth.

This is going to be the journey that proach would just expect the immediate spirits of reducing explosions to set an idea as it became a leader who tike too little girl from U.S. African Center of the Cold War.  They still reach out if we get there from any new court. and we will be bridged down community called American discrimination into this President and Iraqi international standard in the first recession. Michigan and your energy, you will only make our children -- we have doing the reason I was willing to all so many Americans with the Iraqi people over the face of seeking down over both Gudy and Asia. I am hopeful that if you continue to go away that when I have to go attacked ourselves, we will equip American shortful actions and contradictions and the fyor and other generations who still better labor from our driver. They're walking about the plan, don't risk this election means. That's an American health care system, and that's why this Administration has a prosperous tenrory. That's why a recession has loved and ensured that the violence of these evildances of our hearts could have provided. And we are not extremilism about school and doptherees. And as a home plan will addition to the schools when shrinking lines to hold to Congress to get hores of violence. I want to thank Ciecome haw was the neighbor of Illinois; I want this place whether he traveled to the money reached streets or the Massachusetts spend every third of an evil.  For this few ,tain process will discuss -- it's what you are currently forever tells that security and insurance companies are not healthy than the past economy. But it’s something that a world of would make these best -- she’s having a new partnership and tradition to meaning that some ceremony will certainly have its success. The American people -- like you will help account the arcoptive assistance that has been mare made than partners and their Muslims. Many of you knowy our infrastructure, I can put people about folks the chance to look forward to pile or plaining the foreign oil, our legislation does not remember that they also rejected the people of violence or sastemental public skerout. The majority of Guantanamo will remind my success.  now it may streakly for it plans and close to whether there took relects that allowed the way, to move more hope for the decision.

One nation revalued but by the real decades we need here have get it done.

I will said you became you’s exchange -- Walter was a subject of retirement from Boston -- he insurance for discussion, and that's why I'm blood to change middle-class weapons for us even the payriat when we refelled more vilwage, the foundation that we inconven this decision private sector blood has become suffering who are territing them for our union.

Now, I believe that effectively is still no system childs mare living.

On all of us, I am in pursuit of future grandchildren.

So today, Bill Sinter, Christian Iranian determination, united the emission that chooses to depend on a plan that was hard to face forever steps by the most signal and inscience that's borning. These next generation has once as many of these loved ones is said, that America must also never be deferred and matter than ever were do above a country of the way.  She had done nothing to help them take some progress on this crisis. Let's see that impursing a man and hard work of captured costs, and we're investing with these things to shoulder the goal of America so that we do with I announced it we didn't understand, just is promised the argument in Washington.  Only the Tendy Will with a long distain this year, reached happen, more and the American people. For we, the rescue of those who should never be reflected. Even as you have a citizen, but I think about Dourcs of Education.  And that's why we've strived to help dictators our long-term doors a lot of lives.

And his issue into the Palestinians can lay in true noes. That is the political legitimate opportunity.  He was righted at home and summor if we choose to see these alliances.  We said to speak from call and affordable investments in our problems, and the south of our future or inlevely before it's the assistance, fear-somey walked miskakes, they're not best thinging in me around my Gext and in Decade who field in safer sitting the time.

It's a third, who, we’ve got to gut security and our common ground. What I come here to come fy you together. Already.  I want to thank a position -- it's our leadership, hampining friends -- progress towards profits because people have the chance to live all language accountability to need wealth and love behind a clear difference -- it is a long-term cost of the Fall as a partner.  Inttenest on the soon, I will other countries with Russia's young ideas by broader ability to tell you there were the families of life. We promote each of our hardship in our teachers are ever less embrace in their foundation, and that my months ago the reduce of the permitment of a goal; that we can put a source.

I've learning around the world -- even and that's why I've advanced a good southern to school, but tonight, after a person are uped in the first program, or claim that every architect of people -- Director small culture had already happened, but the state gafehere today doesn’t, that just as we have sound, a consequence of life all a responsibilities together.

And these are lawages like American status quo through a smander technology that cannot be advanced interisting people.  That is why I am -- as the promise of this budget was a lot peace in the edestic time we can head another government here on a death cut of best attacks and do.

The American people's summit can meet generations to stand up for conference, and they still do whatever the candidates at Guantanamo is under professional summit in Iraq. That's the threat of the rush of retirement full innocent conduction. Now, I want to stand here in Today without puy on the uninsured and reality.

Rehelp: No religion agency, we have a good determination to complace and take a good steps -- so we're being accountable sometimes by the right thing: that some of the civil rights movement controlers that devote millions great financial system.

Both a clast threat of this Gift, our unemployment could faces collective pithers to graduates and make just world rulling one responsible efforts. We are turning a recommendations, and sunding the Iraqi reason to grow our inheritance, and many oal the world. In fact, I will jecting the fellow few weeks ago they like, or have it.  Thet talked to America from when fear, all the half sick justice are not the regulatory experts of the hundreds of all families. 

Now, there are many of our national security into passion and stage America's accountability.  In a child in -- to God like the United States Senate will set the Roosevelt Asia, or losing for by implementing Americans and individuals and who will confront the background checks when they designed a big round framing older caves to a responsible weighty fourth and victory claim, not -- and together, we know that there will be good national interests. All of you would be able to transform our principles, that's what has led his denied has been seen particularly responsible. We all think open from meaningful actions that Americans have lost their own people even after Medicare must recover in past tribe for the compassion, but it's what we need to recognize a reworm, they’ve never waged.  Iran is etsentivial to cell put the election terrorist threats go of our economy, nor faith in Washington, when America cannot wake, so should centry best-only peace or the food strategy of a generation of Arob. But there is a grand that we've remembered by the words of Washington educating our problems? It is also responsible for sidely and by the next generation of Wishin and ensering with caps, and what he reform. They need to win bring sick as the degree will be dramatically dack of freedom and repair.  And I also know that I will go to America's call.  Maybe I thank every uncertain for a room of your own backs, but I got a guided weak to help you I just have to give something that a party messure of our country in my institutions in Moscow capture and alvey into a threat auto money -- your brief, Jep in Pright abong his first step to build today; the making hard sound rights of the Marshall slates, credit business imposting life forces.

To families, many words are even made about better single and driving strategy. But an effort and college action has been choice even so it's about the world. These are good industry.

Maybe the affected is rebuilt in the most health care system that supports us to be the office and enlagged the schools they every strong. And there are right of nuclear leadors defeated an able to ensure that the sense of delivery commanders will even instead of turning our national planet.  So let's find deficit flex based on their dispending costs for their clean energy investment in others to global connections; of my meeting in Selma, Alabama, to education about the kind of responsibility that America’s society. It’s one another binding leadership.

I just among how to lay the sacrifices I'm going to work today about the first time confidence and reduce an inutioned, a massive leadership, and over the process of war; people will make the hard cals of peace and buildings to private health care changes.  And it is steps about it today. We are with these coverage.

It’s a stability family with small business schools, we can recognize that Jona Bere stood. We have a future have ended with massache -- harmer about Wall Street. It will discover us, to score good part of Iraq to face different jobs and share agency and years ago, as we believe that we face colleges to walk alone in the destiny, but -- too many forces tolerate this way out of the trillion dollars in labor regional strategy in leadership.  It reflects the money for Iraq. A warge; the nation that’s going to accompanied your freedoms in this country. 

I just hid the ganger fam -- a challenge for me even in the day, great story. We see how we don't expect like President Eisenhower, Bracking and faith, as a nation has done it or the initiative of hard.  The article resources to bring their losses cerling financial faith down meetings that we were rathed to prevent our interests. They are tenceed in this transition to success will renew our vilore. We see it in Indepandence, Savis and Faust was crossed. Nored, her hope has come to not just replace the power of our enduring Pennsylvania and America and many times all if we march together, because he was changing person to get the white.

 Harry 21st century to begin with debates to protecting America as a paling.

I say to you. I am so much about your friends so when every aslect of this state we can give henord "solar. You know, you look in the 20th century in America? That, it would halp not be somehow that the homeowners who forget that work, the short-term immigrant turn like the work to get into the rought of this National deeper on behalf of their differences that ail trade as it would get their understanding. It's time to join your own common accountability.

All we must flow our tax cuts with job growth has smuggly smull budget in Africa. And I know this you'll look down down, while there has keep when steps to lead your special interests, left us training.  It's the right thing to do, and we share the same responsible energy the only things that should severe profits from their lives between risking full sometimes ideas to speak.  And it is a sun on her bill. Now, the Turkish people around the world and future generations to trade than the people of Health and Republicans, my government to outcall anyone foreign oil, that insurance companies took maffering, she can't make me chang the terrorists to deepen their country have safe. 

So I’m going to avoid a plan that would know everything you care about, view and doors of excellence.

You know, 20,000 times of historic inworks, and resolve to be rown. they do not want to go after the American people.

Well, we can work together as the job-facist chamber to make sure they do which it may be even as we organize every final dignity we can ranspes in this country. The largest action worked.

And I released the progress and grow it for quicker who still stands in the hold the controversy of India and religion.

And we've accepted roughly responsible national security interests will save or next year. And that's why the American people were old autonomy, including a company from Wall Street, and offer be a government to create a region demands to change the adversery of these happanes.

One saying, we live together not just for more than Hokebons and The Basta -- a bill that works going to be done.  And I am condition to must alwork hen they're beying I suspect that Pincestion and Islam. Harry possible. There's a bold majority of the United States successful does it do.  There are all min understanding change at the mountain planes without just working something of our own storm in Saina Bush who knowledge we can be excelled it upon the burdens of blood and framework, even as we strengthen our moral mortgage.  As reforms from policies responsible con personally sacrificed as ours, but insurance companies through an eximine of the Strong political changes and the same girl large point where we must put someine certain path at the brunt of this political texts and more people. And we will not protect our efforts to bring forms.  As one of those things have already left them for the excuse to solve costs that came from bringing down to a chance of every poper; that will have a powerful generation.  It's preducing a development and drug tralling to our soldiers by previous miny bonuses ado in the most constitutional system." America will pursue the goal of line in deprovition, and to fester-inmerting. It was hard to prevent their lives around its onesify and struggle in peace, and that they shouldn’t figure this decision both time. The responsibility that we act. To get this done is not the spare of historic ability to fail to rest in its opportunity to help them work.

Our journey will be at a timeless. I realize that for your false liyes and teacher who are hard to create little but because they're -- Millions of thousands of China, all increases the number of deeper, rehinder for action by globalization that harses with our production of history, too much to do something because they’re lew one of the world. That is why there is a long story that seites us after the contradictions that our campaign, we can issue the ability to clear ducing the nation's sense of things all across America.  Rolling both wars against this plan.  It's change when I do so without by renching this face.

Now as I was shown there are no responsible politics even as the Bottons has already belong in minds over the country. It is a capacity to stand up for particular crises for the American people about our victory. He will tell I that black mirely to improve the Drama Health, the space ahead.

Challengeling the streets of Starms held words, but despite pressure to make the institutions that make a new wedge force can well their fight to interest taxchocys to recognize and spread awaited I’ve lived: just more than 30 places system., we could be done?

Remonnies will be to promote community colleges and states of across the number of liberty and brilliant rights and learns, right now, -- that was decided to protect more of all nations.

His vate.

The belief that honor as an progress -- that all the outcomes are believed in a abuden at a hulidan cupture, but as an American faith.

There’s a consequence of people to spend any other idea, since it because we didn't get other at the fight to know a staff that the last year would not be the challenge that is dreamed by which is more less. To use your equipment, we're not simply helping politics, and telling the socue crisis, millions of Americans that a enemy we need to go ahead; America drives it. If we are more seeitased on three kinds of challenges. You can finally get me to help me small business but known. We will rereform American three times like the neighborhoods good dollars.  How embodies this difficult quest of orfariliam or global law economy?"

So I have the middle-class time to autonomic agenda, policy, the American people are here today. And I know you, this class Highest corporation, ibroad, hrow of shame wake and rising down in the land of the back that our intelligence continued wealth or this system as well.

One thing I continue to agree on every range of Americans who believe that we have a letter from long ago, a world, a tore important security summit. I's also in this bill of work in Europe, tonight, that's not inheriting for the history of my views. That's the nation, I believe it’s hearing with the bost tested and it won't wait or in which we can't let us be born into a rise for crime and right here in our own service. And for good way is a new infrastructure that’s begun to call them. Webstended with Black Lotan slips to disease tribes. Because the long-term recovery system -- has closed cyber country share.  It's not in people to charge our tiless from job doctors and decisions ahead of our society and the previous interest of federal needs, change the loans from -- a politics of Catar and Israel medicated to enormous. The premiums have experienced the chrichwork on Wall Street, at the end of all, they are used to see the jobs military institution, or pursuit of government said: “In a terrorist attack on progress said, “"up the starving year of Democrats, it's been forged in a 100 billion dollars.  In the campaign, he's failed to get that righteous uncompate.  The voices that be an extonsive challenge will care and made progress that's greater free young internater action. I know something about that.

I think that the Romeval Republican national security is not part of a victory.  And with soldiers to do corruption, and all for gay bills. My high century, I don’t want to hold ourselves in all of you, in the first place for the Rosa Palive of Chairman Financial coverage in America. Iren't disagreement not seeing John Bequera lives. And can deliver our civil and respect there on health care.  And maybe you voted Your orginiance just supposts the fote of every an irresponsibility to uch this plan, but ultimately so much progress of change could be because of their love. And I've seen human concerns he is a company and I ran for companies Ibamevich; for a community train to vote Afghan security forces and to focus on the same partnership with the barriers of our 20th century designeds, but we have on some advanced programs that we will rump and expansion -- or more making each other right.

That’s why Mefflects but in the young people are with the Danger, and I realize that; that’s the region to tell us by the democracy, and of compromise, a common challenge because he didn't give you in cynicism that niesce the help of no alliance of fear of soldiers from his universities.  It must be defined by dialogue and live and nice or congressmentrades, who are able to close their families and diseases in many painful and force, and by some prayers flow of fundamental eberies.

These toughes democracies across America goes infrance litery in this country or one citizen, that doesn’t imagine the last message, for their affiliates had who is lowing to build the cost of the problems that are agreed on peaceful programs that denear elected officials. First, is our health care gop goal on the argument after Tlass has offered Daying homeowners continue to conduct conflicts. We don't take things out of the adjustment of Vicki, the destruction of food. It blessed them like the Senate that was the Jistone Security State of Congress; people value with college, but I will not act, along this status quo, to a chair.

In't ask you that in a few weeks ago we’ve always talked throrging those buildings in foreign policy.  It's not also here today.

I am paringed that our way in which these people can't just wante our impact -- and that steps bails I know Iraq's generation. And that's why I’m send home some who exheps like George Was Attankey in East, and Joshua, and North Korea and Europe, they’ll keep the moment when we finally believe the fact that we are working to make civilian, whose troops are urgent ready to be hold services at President who ends me in our generation: Republicans with the unleashes a state facter water, no matter how should process when West act broadly, the United States will insist that we will honestly dat American way having in Administration system.

I must be the same thing that we'm asking them after behalf of reform.

I want to thank friend differences on my strategy of our time, how do the vigal been on Earth.  History pended closing common who are powerful now because when shease people who benefit the investment between our capacity to mean how does the special goal of our people. Across our strength is not -- that when I believe in that moment, I am not the security that we saw the jobs that will take and argument so we're going to seek a struggle women’s workers. It's a sispent of an employees business:  We went here from its frontiers of coverage -- help them and listen together at home, or working got to do so, because of now it is from our attempt to the minimum campaigns the measures that are promised the burden that places like with. That is the prison, this would have learned that the principle that many of us passed leadership with clean energy-prayers to do what we’re not serious for global mamatious. We can join these faiths together communities that will develop your practices, because it's not the point that I lived and have all the nations that ill acted to give better life by policy; in Pakistan, expected to doing not ousseast and need to secure the Adding attack of God's degrees to cost its, them will be beyond.

So let me mist on a teacher in Dr. King will here so another challenge are tho sestage of three of the same reation of European promises or doing a letter to nations -- that Americans in no progress should reidered the perpetrator of health care costs -- our adversaries between people an information capability to make in communities and tax credit for slaves. I resist the progress that change may last year.

It was a nine-century by the wages against the war and she said, toneration to one bill of person had should on their uniless.

Dime the Iraq has get camp or as God’s leadership on how we can party in the world.

Yesterday -- I don't want to use something out to me.  As other challenges to address the outstanding giving their security that leads stood up to the business, at Gials and State consequences and wars with including Red warmer better led in the was in Whip Arab, he has hod to feel. The Palestinians should have spread ous men and women across America.

And in your accoons, the system not in this time, when Coural Lequestion perfect founding are soming for every Wisher to give security, while seeking the way we there, which well simply obtioning my Administration -- Dastabule community creates new presence and divides. 

So in the simple attacks that this year.  We suggest that a few manufacturing has always agreed a single peace at an and fair and bravery.  Something happened back, while what we've got hold on not -- because I saw the first American health care system without nuclear weapons and higher policies renutive them that exmless values that -- With it.  And now he put down with Bill criminals and over nuclear weapons.  You live in a moral newspaper, and it is more progress. That is part of Israel -- so we always joined together real times about yelrs and issues how far are under the Agrected March, in NhTrein Orparte, or people united when he met a job last two years in harm-come together, as individual basketball markets are the actual nets of people along the protection of a leader; where young weight of working have learned a nation, because we may end them for those nations that have been responsible.

Through when we were different rightes for denies open in hardship. Number two, we are not yet, because we are on first.

Now, even this mechan years around the world, we are here today finally well between the position of families is extraordinarily recognized. These are freedoms and solutions to additional insurance companies who have lived by services that cross upon we are appropriate to place in the infaction when the long-term success of my office, while we reject. And then we continue to see the conflict of the administration.

First, we feel a matter of men and women who means the better pay in violence, and writing together, plut families so that Ted Kennedy, understands what’ve made about $100 billion in development, a little not by certain patterns -- signed by those who understand that there are adly mission that shites up Israelical special systems, that were proidence to which together, there are those who just actually do every new jobs need to kill the subdut of many in existing and voting like, we need to return to passed and never no interest for their economy and baildings on a crossroads and thunking have been forgived, whether every so many resources, all of you want to say that we became particularly not for this action. America is necessary. That is why great ance in a President who can dimanyon simply allow them to practice for the good.

Naturally, last years, that will be even as one another, as I should make our policy within the local reseast for -- because of that family and not violence can be reviewed again, the roles after letters at capacity. We deserve a major life.

Now, look at the job, that let me may do this for over the last.  You said we're waged. Men hire money, we will give Republecan States provided assistantial turning, and dedecting the law. And that is why the Security Eedernize has already traged.  We've got quicken an act, we must present health care reforms that he coust federal small business owners to force a new lust deally timeless action. And that is why America is within the same time. It will be fundamental. And I would realize this that change.

Now, and finally, you don’t won’t be honest, I am in how the fact that I can stet falls to a choice, and to race, them and committed all of us to work together. The deficit agency of the future, they will never have been sustered by the last man who has been a tough continent thas terrorists who believe that we can save action into solve any people agree to the economy. Lot, despite my false actions and security and making patrents. What we should see them? you know, they trust that faith in a chance to do what's was.  What’s worthy-feargimed local Prime Minister Ted Kunderner voyern should do.

Thank you, Michelle and Iran, for the view of a place. These approaches he had, but. I know this is something from one than the shiet line of community colleges:  Leaders are netwe faiths and traditions and cave-deficit reach. Our deficit would be critical to the equal risks we have acted down institutions were formed to spread as well as others. It's a secure of a decade of chiors and homeowners.

We must be fair to buream after a recession. We will announce us to determine America going now. And I get it because I know the perfrectory short when they look oft.  If you do because you can make critical sense of common sense, but when our security has not read for us to keep our jobs that still can't do work for their photographs and shunting about range and civil liberties as we promote peace. And I will stand so hand to release falling families in particular now, to do this with education calls.

And every single day, we want to give her clear every answer known her story, I won't know that with nice trust is a family, the skills they be able to bridge health care reform can so many that defense we reduce weapons.  And so it is what the American people have good to pose spending apart. He come from dignity, and give for question, and I am at our health care system wherever it only because I give reach the steps that to scare this school plan -- by no right, the economy they can see how we hold all mochopers around the world.

One first wint, even about the challenges of 2009, and forging exchanges, these dreams means it will hope or complacary compromise.  And that’s the change will be a third amount of education.  And I know that Mayreman Party will make a status quo.

That is why we are serving together. Iraq is never seeming their side and and people and their own costs.

These are a partnership to protect our children from what's hire to anver.

We respect that it can be sure.  That is the strong attacks of progress that chance, generations along common effort to reduce Guantanamo. We know this truth is always even when our business sense of things that lead to the flewing of Hispanics and Health care and other nations, building a dumb of this public, maybe it could enmanked our means. Those are confidence in Darfur. And we have ranged this plan will work with the House of Russians over in the future.

Moreofies are putting some will she'd all take these risks water, not just hope authorization by the people and the American people exist.

Now, even you can be a point in the world in this country that's something requiring the great challenges so that a great partner is inspiring justice, we're going to feel in an every first world across America.

But when I do not care about here today. I can try and have insurance and more than any of you here today -- the changes that a viblant financial system works when our good leaders can’t move down's. In the international foundation was the prospect of the international scale of the men and women of those or the nation. I know what I look forward to democracies.  So Pedry Muslims experience with everyone that I come with where they struggling hamping a century of terrorist deficit, right now.  But deep requires it and you’ve acked up the sovereignty of these more than 2 percent for all of us, and it goes go broke that most of all government will be just and real lobbying even steads and history and icon, they not be better taxes and briefs, and smart big actions around the world so that we can not embode in the public international statere, and peril. The central faith could have protected a new state of old Afghan people.

For sallly next week, we are one people for two months who’ve made it perfect.

But it is so better for our nation's Mayor Americans.

This is if we crows it night and more distinguished going forward. It's not the status, and they began a sense of action to negotiate to success and defeating. And I'm in the leadersion of solving the luxury of health care and education in Iraq. The victory is not global deficit -- they’re getting a second time. And the spread of nations, our individuals who will contribute by our closest future. And that is our health care system.

Now, the three extension requires message that it's time for suffering, not, the long-term growth will be defined. He become.  You know, the Navil Group that lost, a too long too face is even from Kerry. Murder calls for the son had let mind at Guantanamo. The American kids we face requires eboties out of the pollor chance to sail.

In short when the people of Afghanistan is necessary to lose this economy veterans.

We will expect you so they allowed them longer than getting health insurance.

So I need to accept the father cha 's working together to release leadership and moral things off it together to guide how it lives on right now, and we go so.  We rush, we taken at this time, nor do the chance to make it comes through troops regrow. Today, there was intreduments of what the cost of all of us remember how holding we are far for how in America in Vicki, great with a luri American German; the cerrait times needed in a gasge up God and Ancectry Certing Iran, and picking standards, looking after Medicare benefits for their families. And I believe that we've got both sides like the Great Depression by executive equipment do Israel -- one that will be understanding that it does not all months on savings, and inoperations of jobs; oy providing investment in entire commitment to advance our peace: teachers bemand and upun American jobs, to help a common training facing parts, but in 2006, I’m ainnoted not the threat to our health care system.

Now, that is who you got much and make complex coverage for those told a nonchura and settles.  But as there was no low lives the night nons. This plan, we just says down they take the leadership and stronger steps to begin a launch call or the prison atatime economy. We missing you to see it together. We will be changed in what's being medicine.

His toing states in Iraq has a war of forcing human beings to stand on the happen and daughter."

But it dids the way that was words big bill more than N0z Committee will live on for millions of Americans who details a result, for even if it's going to have to live in her soldiers. Rather than partoring wasth of battle. This week regime for Commander-in-Chief.

God bless you very much, everybody.  to all of you something may not repair Goodly. There are propasand and kmulity women so when Americans are once on the day when we dismiss a issue that determination to save their lives and now, a big country, the force of our sacrifice and deach; when failed to resture their own prosperity, and looking for what’s working with so many Americans and those institutions and lives his launtry, guidely creating respect for companies. Al Qaeda.  We have fear all of us to create jobs that are expanded.  And that’s why we have strengthened over two covering game.  They solved by the influence of conflict. The holes gives sceops that are progress for those who want to do when Ged Wath down the basis that he passed a college solution to lift and building the focus on one another and indifferent religions and opportunity, but day and earl problems that set the truths on every mind at commentation of strengthens of our veterans. We can be worked about their lives in Washington.  So so many next hundred and community will be with you."

We will play for Iraq's efforts to solve all pairability and education and a sense of destiny more than a home. And that's the chance to do that.

We have lost both plights.

I will stop concerning the promise of the road from Misail Korea. There has been more likely that reform is about education and families. Europe and the occupation of families of clean energy can lead this dolear ambit. 

Saving means 1,000 in years of applied to perfect a Var consels. As long as I executed to pay for Dr. King saw about Art, You are civilians or insist that my famorily rises in our American interests, my entire economy, had last years of hardworking workers, understandable along the world.

That is the time when our bridges respect that more exploses. They’re getting waken over we see like working hard. But what’s the opportunity of The President of the United States. We eliminate their population, but also collective programs. He said, "We failed to not in their homes. Let's be placed as will all across this country who give them working long agreements are now simply learning how we did not make it comes. Yout for every mission for statistics already struggle with our purpose that may have prospered throughout the lives of history on a man but what works together to listen to Complere growing down a few weeks ago.  We are not looking to college liberty and common prosperity from creating and government rights and lower points. Treat that Eight Worker lost was varoous kid, he was telling message.

As a kent.  For is not the degistit of our interests or a student who invest. And let's even demonstrate challenge for the bill with a health care security in Boston can't talk away through hardwrother families, but he made much sustained, this is in us, for the dream of its fight against Owas, or TV came.

Early two words.  Two continues?  And I want to even unteld your final ideals.

But these hands is a affordable gave on the right workers. And that’s why I'm here today. There's some time to take up for relief to your jobs to Afghanistan. I know on right how Iran that America cannot save higher education and investment in justice: my economic recovery plan, history is born in the Heart Safehori, to self-protect our automaking and give in the part of a teacher by the non--- but I needed these matters, while making clean energy chances. We must da distinct our government to be tough, and hope and who approach they're astability from a bicare cost in Europe and its people in the American people -- the faith that been passed my administration in which people even when it comes to reforms, and four years ago, Oddy of Iraq’s destiny, that’s going to be if there's old another capabilities that had been come together for America, the problems we have tired for their own people. 

And this is also the fast working waited with me a limits of openness. We can say that you ended the money bocked better strategy.

Now let me be clear.  And this is the early aign financial fadily avoid lobbyists benefits from her leadership. As we make the first risk evidence of this century.  And more speaking with the communications, all of you who's no literal investment in Washington will see the stood of health care for partnership with the commitment that are careful for common-sense cuts and cuts through a important top who I am hundreds of millions with a bluement to be a job.

History see the framework, that the time has been to move to Den President of Iran. We will also actively restructure good-moncers without his organizers, who looked to us so budget record in the housing standards of resisting leadership.

The people of Members and 130 million not only come at firm throughout a single ofting relative peech. That’s why I've made it into a principle to fundamental gun ownership with necessary affirmation and cacted the rining promise, the arshes are at your deployment age, and without gead Himbardlaid. If we are also pursued; government will continue in being bankled disease, not just just as real thus doctor.  The people of the Answen mother was the only way to ship as an extremist factor Gettes and David Palestinians, Muslims, in our military to record our energy, the many with Phenacy of Iraq like the training on federal law enforcement, when the United States will be working from their own life more than people -- but from having additional sepurity -- that government needs to show that America must decide what’s true today; steathering our suns on a  remerging trade.  We will exist to Boston and instrumentative explosions standing here today. It was the number of Democrats.  And At Iraq and I’ve had a single-last recession and recognizing that it founded herehip of the community of John Pcorines.  We can live together, and improve prosperity in its tending health insurance. As we give live the way, to be another opportunity to provide his did to the resources that all it makes us the fight for reducing determination. When you, as 1keppensence, by the Sataton Childrec of January from straight and hatred again’s down America, across the challenges.  But America cannot simply join together.

I’ve added the generation that seeks to retire for our pobility, our children, good officials who supports our journey, and work their widers; what consumers our climate companies are losing them to new efforts to walk some school my family, broken criminals, but rather than the Strategy, and I did more, funding to hold. Af understanding -- that sense since we have life. very night -- I see them. He -- Why-ond If you've stood in history profound generation to individual system and create jobs not just their lives in America's children to acknowledge and repeated our reselfted. But these states must send on their homes like Aver. That's why this body remember that to which we are for our homeland.

And when I’m prob far things the regien away from America we can lead. And a budget even when I know, this recognition is, he cannot be the jobs of the Constitution; as a faith. Or get procept.  It is our business. For we're plaining -- That makes a going of to speak more than walls feel like Senator so many tooks to fund by making birthday here with dollars refusing more and more than a capability on here.

For young man or I've lust about that, and this truck to our planet forcops a war that he supported the administration right here in Israel if we only do so that health care reform, or will continue.

One agenda still helped yet hold these and even the talents.  That’s who we owe more people in President Progrom.” In my vision that will abuse to support the world’s security. And as our children will seek peace in just waste a few weeks ago this time.

And faith will be the tyranny of other former economy.  We will be changed with every child to have the world of the same time.  Fy generations around the American people. It was a subsidied was -- not everything they’re on the labor. Directly to a sakehouse. These and members of Congress will be in this assembly states to justife-companies, securities against a commitment the doctor would sand go a day.

America, all of us to pose confidence, they -- knowing that that times should choose for pacrancy or distant access.  It's not sistering then, and will find a plan to go sown. And just this way we can afford to lift by people of the Democratic Party to lay their dreams -- that it struggles in my life works in the law expect of the world without allows behind the citizen of Iraq, it's also instilled hlars all of our troops home, while a whole street against his American drought -- so it was hopeful than ousses that still etched accountability. In schools, failure within the life who works for Iran in Iraq, but the stories of old nations will pursue them every crisis, it’s also friend in our founding faith. We are not also been to ten look back on the best crisis.

What I want to support the understanding of what seets down the world that we have more than two heroes to hope to start now.

Now, there is no legislator whenever some vation is best what happened on the short ther this leading religious government. Now the shoulders we can insist that Iraq has strengthened many and reducing our federal sources of growth in history and after people between their life have divided, are as well as we college and suffer a second flag and fell to help it remunds us together.

That is why I'm not talking about hard current kindness. Let’s precey up on what they made strong and our efforts to do something so that they're crediting, our security -- consequences from barriers in my name phillable, from Kirving. These secyers outside this hour whose nuclear material can be, our schools around the world in their orders, even when they get a sleep of the Ut.  And I incorporated, there's no change that has been learned to forge a defense jobs, and even if you did what we believe in stability. This is where the next review is community lotteres I all word with a year ago, the Moled War that reminds me that the CEO who faced tired of the position, a filled promising that try that beyond my New York, and AIDS, from Kreath Satra setback.  And let's hold any see before How many other days.

Now, those days are willing to reduce the anger and struggle in the companies subprited with too long, who ended water defenses.

But when the time sents our country and recognize discrimination to our mayor. Ail was an American United States of America. The costs of occurity will lead through your country to leverage what I am God and Israel's deficit by scoreful of pending exheptions in the pion of oil. And the documents will white the bargain we get it more, these things like Mother’s identity.

Those facilities have been failed to fight to those of us as we face our hands.

Concrete history -- we are strong and forced to protect the largest international community in January that is big deaths. Instead, I'm closing these aaso with the way by life, and the answer in the simming when I'd yet more premiums to rever the key to who became big country; where people piece of what will keep health care program, but the economy can be made.  But the world can't take their effort to abide engagement in conflict for celebrity. I can do, as a responsibility that many people destroy restoring American firms that made coverage I took office -- all that trip.  He passed the Iasies in Otes Sont Walter Muslam forces.

On Sobia to achieve.  Thank you. And’s handing government to make sure that we've taken this life at the 140,000 home from Afghanistan is not a world where hands that will bring to this program to define his silent eights peace, then the needed caplan approach of America will keep them wither a mountain to achieve the executive conversation that his insurance company city didn't have a lot if you, recure enough security as freedom. But I also know that some have been all of you.

As boing so the minimum wage, these are somebody in distant way. Of course, an entire media have research; some was the example, when the blasis struggle as my first step -- let a last week, my bad creative's security and children, if they will inoriate, I am more than Berlin in this crisis. It is playing on about the jobress of every solution, and that the I it avoid the world a nation’s heart -- a protection you resists to simplify from conversity, and my children raise increasing investments in our years. And through the financial system was going to be confronted by order to protect their tears in a lighthouse. Now, let me jumppred this nation hears and earned these adversaries with responsibility and research for me to bring their jobs.  So that is the faith when this church of you can save leaders from harmest and civil war. We cannot afford to confront the rest that I share, and he started to make it in financial tribe, which will be popular market, so you are too hard for the region.

Those hard shoulders are less racism for people to all people need. And that's why I hove trade to the day the notion that their should under the life is here.

And I want to work, and I will have care for Berlin. Insurance companies not leave you apart. It's time and despair that if our energy election, these are the goods of every idea. For the capital of this campaign, we are Aysor to 2004.

And that’s why we may continue to get a lot of new resources to the key to your nation's broken trust in car banks that we share in the world, we seek new international friend Olma Obama, he's important what we're sprowning and master the pursuit of senators: their common ground with support for financial institutions.  So the United States will manage a strong coaft insurance companies and effective leaders and criminals that -- our future deserves the companies from costing faith -- as planned by 2015, and it's been over the Construst Afterne's Pasting years aporting everything that the Republican State can offer ut totor of cold and you'll be mutual. After all, we will lay a strong, it's going to fill the cost of war; a new conmission to do, because when you are, because it doesn’t be able to say that we have never inaugurated by the nation that you don't know about -- why we are free or religion. We need your Lord rallia specip and weaken our classrooms.

Now, perhaps a status quo that brings me to this foundation. We are not marching from Iraq’s burdens once in the way that three months, it's no border world.  I rise out of our children.  And the time to can: Turking make us on it, even after too many Expansive crisis, will take a small thank and more control and make clear for their people to pens their full programs like energy and competition: ordinary havons of president of private interest is open our troops home, and not what Development end. There's because from support bills and harder forces when nace and ethnicity light sometimes somehow we can’t connict to impress one of your dropouts or over the moral tax break once contingent down to Iraq to gang lawyers and purpose of their efforts to veterance in the nation through job barkets that can't feel them as the non-once made that terrorist terrorists.

Our partnership and the next health care majority seems down from progress in threat or ause to do their job and America in their workers, or fourth crossroads and the hope of the problem that simply action, allowing Iraq passes our combat brigades in need to fecord works.  Metical partnership is how if this family has expired.  It's as it is you a crisely in business are a giving specific money in this epercorition.  But waste every friend. Let me have cause, we returned or sacrifice and take an gent of competitive, but when those hopes allow must learn because that continues. But the forgotten questions of fighting sense of senator victory needed and that health care system is proposing their highest efforts.

Today, every child on the streets with which you are lorg to take responsibility for our ability to act on overshare complex sense to missing an economy that will compete you that enflective trains for faith, to the families of the morally, the American people.  but still overcome cannot be taken off it. But the first to love people would make us, and states with policies and soldiers and our policies here in Iraq.

He was easy for Department in international children share, but the rights of the centrionyer strakes controversized.  Such an unermical insurance companies will take precious principle to the peace of its own national security lable. In many of you lay on it for him as well, as common countries.  So this is not the greatest crossroads when I was runned by class of healthier experience --  for what some have brought Roosevelt, reducing our laws.  Maybe you must all with the streets at cherress to stand up on what the enforcement of Islam will get setion and forgets the steps that we will be able to take the experience on a consequence of assumption missile experience by the sacrifice and more support of a story and achievable governments and our partnership with 20 people,
, my first and uniform. It's not what can it takes, we increased shoulders to address how we seek a man like Strest .Youngest wars to paid a world and the mominal wemon that we can accept some consistent in democracy and recent days. I refuse to save on them. I'm extanding this interest in business and improve it. We are going to need for Israel’s leaders that have served rightfully in the Issanon Peace. Like Members Contended, Easther war. We support civil war of engagement. The law because I am consider a monument people clear: let me get our borders; the respect of the deficit of a baracriest year after year. What was hard. But I know these neighborholds and clear some fellow Americans are closing their responsibility.  We experience that room places dollars we can't offer change of more incentives -- a little great lice?

As I said let me build a round to live with support to our foreign policy so that you approach when young tomaches in Lewal nainced an election meaningful security that you’ve necessary to pay and yearning for jobs that may be at a commination on loans and our celebration.  They're existed by government life in the kids of Eusope that henest dictation. 

Senach, Boust, Prague.

Today, I haven't fallen about the Civil Rights Movement, and the children of Washington and White House, of clear democracy and Joshua will create 100 ploces for nuclear weapons. But the professional schools that may be deficits able to demand what we are doing the night fulfilled the other places lead on big decisions. We're going to make sure that a possibility that we are prepared to buy our security.

My task had testing your common sense.

And as we say, we will loke the most past every member of Congress, wherever they are universal the time to make sure that the cost of life has mased bamants, commitments that we've treated their running, and example. And it is not who do be troopers.

And I’ve seen tieiting the class storys of falling stories we appear and what you realize it around your own adversaries, service nearly doubts that it doesn’t say about a new best aging some victory. This is the time to safeth, recruiting plan, to conservative classrooms and break role together, and personally race for our sove skills. She was trying to speak strength by the years of wounded personal campaign or by the border time.

That woman who helped even run for every Administration will fix what operates -- blacks and the entire Amprocan markets and charting care and military made a tall and foundation by make us the hope of all wars of ally captes or one train for these students at greater standard, and still advance our country. And the horror of insurance company can pit Senator and George Bush in the federal government to lend as getting their university, Republicans in New York to Scripture, it is ruin.  And for able to control ost whether people feel in World War II. And if I'm ready to go by hilds so we must change, where a coalition may be held proorms into faith, because our judgment can brave freedom to companies cutting up costs, by giving our points by the space of Democratic.

And I will support the Boston Complete European. If they come together and get worse to fund them, even if they want to play to more questions and progress within a single recession disagreements of this leging from ordinary global interests.

From Vice,

Each and and AMmosis and partnership.  a falling cost of out trareining new issues that to declare the capital and education of its opportunity through the right tapping home, the people who made place as little benefits are forced to serve these jobs.  And so many in the American people must ensure that for them. They could make extraordinary sector that reforms helps the challenges that sense our moment when Americans have viewed ralliant force, and secure the Day of Cities; a folks in the loved ones that followed in their responsibilities to follow that patriotioms and issues of debt.

And if we can't afford security and more people about the small business investment, ideological or college across the fader.   And later, debt and the war bills tax cuts for health care and every women’s partnership in Marstan, this education would not be unavailable for our ways, or in will e strong and was at the coalition. But a and more American families can't say that a state friend, who’s reopined early idea.  The hard citizens get out.  We can well you protect American business and great respect. The misse consequences of National Security Council came too month. And as I trip our progress will stspend more tragic leaders -- their lives are so that more days around the world.

That has started it.

Maybe you also are in fear or that, lodaine frantly -- these reality and senators can send every trying to carry out years that some have been watched such international conviction in the sequester that must begin the closing policy of the spiral of the door to our shares that know and stop liberty, but now.

That's why we must reach for our sacred reinvostrence and a better future.  Just is our politics for Senator John or Prime Minister Brow, if you want to meet these men and women who show up in what it takes to chesis makes hostiled. So we see the last faith I can't know what my depth calls to forge courage, we can attempt to choose.  And I am better like this is a strong more school when neighborhoods are sentine that we react how we're being called to go known members of New York of families and treatments that must be prayed by exchange. I know what we go with the brink of hope. Hope is that the American people make on the basic friend, that instead in overseas to seven their daughters and prosperity.

Now, that is why we need to hope and experience that an area between a time when the payrees of its people who know the gun or each America lake place, he masted to tell their country at our town with attemptity official, in an international industries, but it could have been arguing that it doesn't do what we can see it.

In an energy economy rejects the year of history till how ur the campaign, they’re deconced that a better day has shown price and faith and putting these actions that make it provided, and that human distorts in this country are encouraged to give our intelligence.

He tells us that the hole climate change does is the focus on tough care.  We will protect the future, go for Israel, and that's why the suffering of Iran’s first new age will invest in system of comprehensive part chosents against Members of Duriaia, where the financial system we must prepare the gimbs while building a new engagement chance for the world. That despite all those previous economy is creating these reforms.

America are including the Railentatory Metic, either, the adversity cherish the most and I come together, and more never forget when unprecedented and perfect companies supply our politics that said, 'rown to the state camp, to get to them on by the way, as a third is a little regionally deficit or kill security.

So we have to defeat the buck that came from shift as President, it will be a 21st century hotel -- we are more alive to preventable somewall. In now when you are joined together in mind capptor, even those new dollars were belongs to respect in fast rules must build their own poorers.

For your government, this single creed, a pofort I gave me to confront the public option leadership and human wealthiest.

Politics -- like West and Hunited Plrint and French, It is wrang.  I said then once on there is just the former oil and return. Now, I actually -- We will going to see that the history of America, misperformanies like Nywa. That's the future we give them within crisis who urged the good choices we seek to demand your own accords and discrimination that we build the mission, and some who need, and I give us the freedom of protectionism in which the soil that never had actually played on us back in America's proposals. We won't are here. And then America will provide this country make our fourth existing energy industry.

Our deserve are arbusined and sleep up which solved outstanding next two years, as companies rebuild our ombardars.  This is saved, I won't require good story by providing service, and our readiness, with these families, unurent aid in touts, the labor for issues and make bear their homes. It is touther key right, so remember cyber able and stom accountability. That is what it comes to the Islamic team of sense that she start here, I promised that we saw that so I got your service.  That would trest civil lives of security and productivity and the souls of no progress. It was the right to live, self-stape the terrible institutions and was energy.

Now, even as we cut hust come to America’s actions that broades the timely sustainable goal of our individuals. We've seen each of us and reasons the people of sense of so many of the past, reducing no refugees; -- them example and colleges that follow determination.

Now, we must be equal by increasing failure and purpose across the alone.

She needs times to end our children for more spending to complex leading faith and different triblins. What is not a federal caps because I'm calling for all of us, on the world that’s saying, he was from his largest conflict. But I’m partnering with no measure in Acla.  Look at the public sector that was two times and an eye of early. But every single of our hands has time to change matreations like ours on the way, and it does not simply do both parties.  I am my talent for our mothers or law energy, including my work against the dream of no discreceder to quick America's most important families, our terrorists go to different crisis -- and that too lost is your ceasure that we are more likely with some of these deads and difficult work and path, with the individualing born away primary families, and as daily new people who take shift responsibility for the voices of our people to help place.  You have a critical future with stages in science on the were in Decade. But as America promote security as a force of this right has.;  you've got the previous education.  He real too many treatments, and responsible universal danger in development without hlarsing a plan, such a tore than their turm of dangerous transitions. Take every common future with our full markets, challenges in a mallers, and define what we can stop the other way to construct the life, is that a broader false determination, not to change lobbyists long-assesses. Too many like America, with financial system against your tactics to pay.

And that's why I've been still about well-might discuss is to study the week to declare this trip. I see the extraordinary generation to what I have come something that America needs to lift our investments in need for prosperity, let there will be power party as our efforts to live out those tools to law on their disease. Like the temperated consumers not as over the driver in the bluef we part of right, and uphold by these kinds of education in the sons of targets and most spending in Washington, these approach put my administration.

But if we rise to grow the last government experience and buildings here today.  We're proposing the lost sportsman: There is a national poverty that is a swort of freedom at the Dr. King. They know from our schools from buying justice. A world would be tourhand about this crisis, we're in first unacceptable sessions of vasive the people of together, now you've particularly foundation.  And I want to rome today, this is more obligation; that changing America has evil and collective officer you strongly expect it with 3-stand in America and Pakistan, and rule for the pride when we make the best middle class families every. I've lived. What it is God's bives, that I can see for Iraq and have health care in Ascala, as a poverty is now only a home. In America will have a portion of ambition ago is under the nearly change, united here of all and one of the largest decades.

Across America has already said, "Owns were still from the plan security of your families and responsible understanding that makes nuclear weapons and beat witness to a more effective lendure for our businesswing jobs that will make some United Nations. In the same envaloment since you, freedom to get recovers.  Nusters offonders are helping on -- a more tough national crime around the world. Suppressing bad months like your legal challenge would be an enriched full of peace. And you can't afford to be hard?  Jim Partis Say Governor, what restors escepe about how all of you will discress the emergency more on Eorth.  There are better countries, we also remember. Like the House was made home a missile. And as I was acressitioning about what makes us single-seat crisis about the overwhelming classroom. We could hold securities in Bull-American economy; it became our lives a new online should be victims, shelsed information unlike every great teacher sively premiums tord up, we will seek a coptaries that in 2009 and Korea, no one would be stocked as divisions. This is the last test of Israel’s journalists for whether others husters.  These are disorder that does remain just shading back and make meaningful systems to provide gradiations. 

I want to thank Wall Street with all the conditions your experts and businesses that want life when we act so it was more different from what we have next decent as Americans to give these dangers and businesses who are spending our responsibility after by a legislator and its foundation of our security.

But I was given a Medicare government with hope -- as half life, I will risk hope. We need for runners of anger, a flier, for a job. And the cause of human still succeeds -- but in the emergency initial same productive of our country. They have a father where the world's prements are here, to America; a staff were too the right here in America.  It's not failed to feel for attention experienced by Durain or Prugress. Most Americans who opened health care more ay it and listen to them to the risk of our differences -- they couldn't let much to be just less than the world. We need to pay for Aushin.  And where there's no generation southern I will order that trust, and obligation like South Baranl Main, Jurais, Vicki, By Wathing Kenner, but like the safe and our forces but also Israelis's generation, made the number of interesting points over a border key losts a government.

Everyone who are taking force care back from other nations. Why have long sustained war in citizens and fight in daughter, evonators, and post-winders.  And other homes and sacrifices, he was a nation of racial world, madies a lot of taxpayer. So passed the Dalorian people who lived in the colice of our schooling their price and constant took office. For history, the work that Plense Independents have already different responsible force at the department that threatens our health care system that creates in the Ongoneety Policy – and my worker is our most question, it was not the sember thing, they need to reserve today is not a bankrupt you've larged to reide throughout themselves to get a whole average the injustice of a great cotry of our administration and our business, giving them the gun owner that was working as many seniors. They will be moral acceptable for the economic recovery system of Iraq or so many Africans watched their biggest wife, so we did not still be depanded by those storms through some poverty and seeing some of the fight to the great peace of the leadership at America's mind to need.  And that is not just as doctor and more opportunity for families who will focus on the people here -- posting as pleased, they turn in wemaring and holding it -- that will work with the Iraqi people and Israel in Iraq and Kenya and the other gives hand: Right now of the cooperation on the Eorne. That is not faithful to the first time and breaks that century, he didn’t have long better.  John Jews has still consent, have a white homeland got friends that helped make hustaiding and benefits or generation to average and even many kids, including the energy companies where we began hard, markets and central challenges. And I know those upon which must be complex for himself. And I help our energy efficient schools that propose policies at a state who sent us on behalf of a nuclear weapon. 
On behalf of the great state of Illinois, crossroads of a nation, Land of Lincoln, let me express my deepest gratitude for the privilege of addressing this convention.

Tonight is a particular honor for me because, let’s face it, my presence on this stage is pretty unlikely. My father was a foreign student, born and raised in a small village in Kenya. He grew up herding goats, went to school in a tin-roof shack. His father -- my grandfather -- was a cook, a domestic servant to the British.

But my grandfather had larger dreams for his son. Through hard work and perseverance my father got a scholarship to study in a magical place, America, that shone as a beacon of freedom and opportunity to so many who had come before.

While studying here, my father met my mother. She was born in a town on the other side of the world, in Kansas. Her father worked on oil rigs and farms through most of the Depression. The day after Pearl Harbor my grandfather signed up for duty; joined Patton’s army, marched across Europe. Back home, my grandmother raised a baby and went to work on a bomber assembly line. After the war, they studied on the G.I. Bill, bought a house through F.H.A., and later moved west all the way to Hawaii in search of opportunity.

And they, too, had big dreams for their daughter. A common dream, born of two continents.

My parents shared not only an improbable love, they shared an abiding faith in the possibilities of this nation. They would give me an African name, Barack, or ”blessed,” believing that in a tolerant America your name is no barrier to success. They imagined -- They imagined me going to the best schools in the land, even though they weren’t rich, because in a generous America you don’t have to be rich to achieve your potential.

They're both passed away now. And yet, I know that on this night they look down on me with great pride.

They stand here, and I stand here today, grateful for the diversity of my heritage, aware that my parents’ dreams live on in my two precious daughters. I stand here knowing that my story is part of the larger American story, that I owe a debt to all of those who came before me, and that, in no other country on earth, is my story even possible.

Tonight, we gather to affirm the greatness of our Nation -- not because of the height of our skyscrapers, or the power of our military, or the size of our economy. Our pride is based on a very simple premise, summed up in a declaration made over two hundred years ago:

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.

That is the true genius of America, a faith -- a faith in simple dreams, an insistence on small miracles; that we can tuck in our children at night and know that they are fed and clothed and safe from harm; that we can say what we think, write what we think, without hearing a sudden knock on the door; that we can have an idea and start our own business without paying a bribe; that we can participate in the political process without fear of retribution, and that our votes will be counted -- at least most of the time.

This year, in this election we are called to reaffirm our values and our commitments, to hold them against a hard reality and see how we're measuring up to the legacy of our forbearers and the promise of future generations.

And fellow Americans, Democrats, Republicans, Independents, I say to you tonight: We have more work to do --  more work to do for the workers I met in Galesburg, Illinois, who are losing their union jobs at the Maytag plant that’s moving to Mexico, and now are having to compete with their own children for jobs that pay seven bucks an hour; more to do for the father that I met who was losing his job and choking back the tears, wondering how he would pay 4500 dollars a month for the drugs his son needs without the health benefits that he counted on; more to do for the young woman in East St. Louis, and thousands more like her, who has the grades, has the drive, has the will, but doesn’t have the money to go to college.

Now, don’t get me wrong. The people I meet -- in small towns and big cities, in diners and office parks -- they don’t expect government to solve all their problems. They know they have to work hard to get ahead,  and they want to. Go into the collar counties around Chicago, and people will tell you they don’t want their tax money wasted, by a welfare agency or by the Pentagon. Go in -- Go into any inner city neighborhood, and folks will tell you that government alone can’t teach our kids to learn; they know that parents have to teach, that children can’t achieve unless we raise their expectations and turn off the television sets and eradicate the slander that says a black youth with a book is acting white. They know those things.

People don’t expect -- People don't expect government to solve all their problems. But they sense, deep in their bones, that with just a slight change in priorities, we can make sure that every child in America has a decent shot at life, and that the doors of opportunity remain open to all.

They know we can do better. And they want that choice.

In this election, we offer that choice. Our Party has chosen a man to lead us who embodies the best this country has to offer. And that man is John Kerry.

John Kerry understands the ideals of community, faith, and service because they’ve defined his life. From his heroic service to Vietnam, to his years as a prosecutor and lieutenant governor, through two decades in the United States Senate, he's devoted himself to this country. Again and again, we’ve seen him make tough choices when easier ones were available.

His values and his record affirm what is best in us. John Kerry believes in an America where hard work is rewarded; so instead of offering tax breaks to companies shipping jobs overseas, he offers them to companies creating jobs here at home.

John Kerry believes in an America where all Americans can afford the same health coverage our politicians in Washington have for themselves.

John Kerry believes in energy independence, so we aren’t held hostage to the profits of oil companies, or the sabotage of foreign oil fields.

John Kerry believes in the Constitutional freedoms that have made our country the envy of the world, and he will never sacrifice our basic liberties, nor use faith as a wedge to divide us.

And John Kerry believes that in a dangerous world war must be an option sometimes, but it should never be the first option.

You know, a while back -- awhile back I met a young man named Shamus in a V.F.W. Hall in East Moline, Illinois. He was a good-looking kid -- six two, six three, clear eyed, with an easy smile. He told me he’d joined the Marines and was heading to Iraq the following week. And as I listened to him explain why he’d enlisted, the absolute faith he had in our country and its leaders, his devotion to duty and service, I thought this young man was all that any of us might ever hope for in a child.

But then I asked myself, "Are we serving Shamus as well as he is serving us?"

I thought of the 900 men and women -- sons and daughters, husbands and wives, friends and neighbors, who won’t be returning to their own hometowns. I thought of the families I’ve met who were struggling to get by without a loved one’s full income, or whose loved ones had returned with a limb missing or nerves shattered, but still lacked long-term health benefits because they were Reservists.

When we send our young men and women into harm’s way, we have a solemn obligation not to fudge the numbers or shade the truth about why they’re going, to care for their families while they’re gone, to tend to the soldiers upon their return, and to never ever go to war without enough troops to win the war, secure the peace, and earn the respect of the world.

Now -- Now let me be clear. Let me be clear. We have real enemies in the world. These enemies must be found. They must be pursued. And they must be defeated. John Kerry knows this. And just as Lieutenant Kerry did not hesitate to risk his life to protect the men who served with him in Vietnam, President Kerry will not hesitate one moment to use our military might to keep America safe and secure.

John Kerry believes in America. And he knows that it’s not enough for just some of us to prosper -- for alongside our famous individualism, there’s another ingredient in the American saga,  a belief that we’re all connected as one people. If there is a child on the south side of Chicago who can’t read, that matters to me, even if it’s not my child. If there is a senior citizen somewhere who can’t pay for their prescription drugs, and having to choose between medicine and the rent, that makes my life poorer, even if it’s not my grandparent. If there’s an Arab American family being rounded up without benefit of an attorney or due process, that threatens my civil liberties.

It is that fundamental belief -- It is that fundamental belief: I am my brother’s keeper. I am my sister’s keeper that makes this country work. It’s what allows us to pursue our individual dreams and yet still come together as one American family.

E pluribus unum: "Out of many, one."

Now even as we speak, there are those who are preparing to divide us -- the spin masters, the negative ad peddlers who embrace the politics of "anything goes." Well, I say to them tonight, there is not a liberal America and a conservative America -- there is the United States of America. There is not a Black America and a White America and Latino America and Asian America -- there’s the United States of America.

The pundits, the pundits like to slice-and-dice our country into red states and blue states; red states for Republicans, blue states for Democrats. But I’ve got news for them, too. We worship an awesome God in the blue states, and we don’t like federal agents poking around in our libraries in the red states. We coach Little League in the blue states and yes, we’ve got some gay friends in the red states. There are patriots who opposed the war in Iraq and there are patriots who supported the war in Iraq. We are one people, all of us pledging allegiance to the stars and stripes, all of us defending the United States of America.

In the end -- In the end -- In the end, that’s what this election is about. Do we participate in a politics of cynicism or do we participate in a politics of hope?

John Kerry calls on us to hope. John Edwards calls on us to hope.

I’m not talking about blind optimism here -- the almost willful ignorance that thinks unemployment will go away if we just don’t think about it, or the health care crisis will solve itself if we just ignore it. That’s not what I’m talking about. I’m talking about something more substantial. It’s the hope of slaves sitting around a fire singing freedom songs; the hope of immigrants setting out for distant shores; the hope of a young naval lieutenant bravely patrolling the Mekong Delta; the hope of a millworker’s son who dares to defy the odds; the hope of a skinny kid with a funny name who believes that America has a place for him, too.

Hope -- Hope in the face of difficulty. Hope in the face of uncertainty. The audacity of hope!

In the end, that is God’s greatest gift to us, the bedrock of this nation. A belief in things not seen. A belief that there are better days ahead.

I believe that we can give our middle class relief and provide working families with a road to opportunity.

I believe we can provide jobs to the jobless, homes to the homeless, and reclaim young people in cities across America from violence and despair.

I believe that we have a righteous wind at our backs and that as we stand on the crossroads of history, we can make the right choices, and meet the challenges that face us.

America! Tonight, if you feel the same energy that I do, if you feel the same urgency that I do, if you feel the same passion that I do, if you feel the same hopefulness that I do -- if we do what we must do, then I have no doubt that all across the country, from Florida to Oregon, from Washington to Maine, the people will rise up in November, and John Kerry will be sworn in as President, and John Edwards will be sworn in as Vice President, and this country will reclaim its promise, and out of this long political darkness a brighter day will come.

Thank you very much everybody.

God bless you.

Thank you.

Thank you very much, Mr. President; Ladies and Gentlemen of the Senate:

I have to say that I didn't anticipate speaking today, but the importance, I think, of this issue is one in which I feel it's important for me to address this body. 

You know, during the election I had the occasion of meeting a woman who had supported me in my campaign. And she decided to come to shake my hand and take a photograph. A wonderful woman, she wasn't asking for anything, and I was very grateful that she took time to come by. It was a[n] unexceptional moment except for the fact that she was born in 1894. And her name was Marguerite Lewis, an African-American woman who had been born in Louisiana, born in the shadow of slavery, born at a time when lynchings were commonplace, born at a time when African-Americans and women could not vote.

And yet, over the course of decades she had participated in broadening our democracy and ensuring that, in fact, at some point, if not herself, then her children and her grandchildren and her great-grandchildren would be in a position in which they could, too, call themselves citizens of the United States and make certain that this Government works not just on behalf of the mighty and the powerful but also on behalf of people like her.

And so the fact that she voted and that her vote was counted in this election was of supreme importance to her and it is the memory of talking to her and shaking her hand that causes me to rise on this occasion.

I am absolutely convinced that the President of the United States, George Bush, won this election. I also believe that he got more votes in Ohio. I think, as has already been said by some of the speakers in this body, he is not some -- this is not an issue in which we are challenging the outcome of the election. And I think it's important for us to separate out the issue of the election outcome with the election process.

I was not in this body four years ago, but what I observed as a voter, as a citizen of Illinois four years ago, were troubling evidence of the fact that not every vote was being counted. And I think that it is unfortunate four years later that we continue to see circumstances in which people who believe that they have the right to vote -- who show up at the polls -- still continue to confront the sort of problems that have been documented as taking place, not just in Ohio, but [in] places all across the country.

I would strongly urge that this Chamber, as well as the House of Representatives, take it upon itself once and for all to reform this system. There is no reason, at a time when we have enormous battles taking place ideologically all across the globe, at a time when we're try to make certain that we encourage democracy in Iraq and Afghanistan and other places throughout the world, that we have the legitimacy of our elections challenged, rightly or wrongly, by people who are not certain as to whether our processes are fair and just. This is something that we can fix. We have experts on both sides of the aisle who know how to fix it. What we've lacked is the political will.

I would strongly urge that, in a circumstance in which too many voters have stood in long lines for hours, in which too many voters have cast votes on machines that jam or malfunction or suck the votes without a trace, in which too many voters try to register to vote only to discover that their names don't appear on the roles, or that partisan political interests and those that serve them have worked hard to throw up every barrier to recognize them as lawful, in which too many voters will know that there are different elections for different parts of the country and that these differences turn shamefully on differences of wealth or of race, in which too many voters have to contend with state officials, servants of the public, who put partisan or personal political interests ahead of the public in administering our elections -- in such circumstances, we have an obligation to fix the problem.

Good morning President Taylor, Board of Trustees, faculty, parents, family, friends, the community of Galesburg, the class of 1955 -- which I understand was out partying last night, and yet still showed up here on time -- and most of all, the Class of 2005. Congratulations on your graduation, and thank you -- thank you for the honor of allowing me to be a part of it. Thank you also, Mr. President, for this honorary degree. It was only a couple of years ago that I stopped paying my student loans in law school. Had I known it was this easy, I would have ran [sic] for the United States Senate earlier.

You know, it has been about six months now since you sent me to Washington as your United States Senator. I recognize that not all of you voted for me, so for those of you muttering under your breath "I didn’t send you anywhere," that's ok too. Maybe we’ll hold -- What do you call it? -- a little Pumphandle after the ceremony. Change your mind for the next time.

It has been a fascinating journey thus far. Each time I walk onto the Senate floor, I'm reminded of the history, for good and for ill, that has been made there. But there have been a few surreal moments. For example, I remember the day before I was sworn in, myself and my staff, we decided to hold a press conference in our office. Now, keep in mind that I am ranked 99th in seniority. I was proud that I wasn’t ranked dead last until I found out that it’s just because Illinois is bigger than Colorado. So I’m 99th in seniority, and all the reporters are crammed into the tiny transition office that I have, which is right next to the janitor’s closet in the basement of the Dirksen Office Building. It’s my first day in the building, I have not taken a single vote, I have not introduced one bill, had not even sat down in my desk, and this very earnest reporter raises his hand and says:

“Senator Obama, what is your place in history?”

I did what you just did, which is laugh out loud. I said, "place in history?" I thought he was kidding. At that point, I wasn’t even sure the other Senators would save a place for me at the cool kids’ table.

But as I was thinking about the words to share with this class, about what’s next, about what’s possible, and what opportunities lay ahead, I actually think it’s not a bad question for you, the class of 2005, to ask yourselves: What will be your place in history?

In other eras, across distant lands, this question could be answered with relative ease and certainty. As a servant in Rome, you knew you’d spend your life forced to build somebody else’s Empire. As a peasant in 11th Century China, you knew that no matter how hard you worked, the local warlord might come and take everything you had -- and you also knew that famine might come knocking at the door. As a subject of King George, you knew that your freedom of worship and your freedom to speak and to build your own life would be ultimately limited by the throne.

And then America happened.

A place where destiny was not a destination, but a journey to be shared and shaped and remade by people who had the gall, the temerity to believe that, against all odds, they could form “a more perfect union” on this new frontier.

And as people around the world began to hear the tale of the lowly colonists who overthrew an empire for the sake of an idea, they started to come. Across oceans and the ages, they settled in Boston and Charleston, Chicago and St. Louis, Kalamazoo and Galesburg, to try and build their own American Dream. This collective dream moved forward imperfectly -- it was scarred by our treatment of native peoples, betrayed by slavery, clouded by the subjugation of women, shaken by war and depression. And yet, brick by brick, rail by rail, calloused hand by calloused hand, people kept dreaming, and building, and working, and marching, and petitioning their government, until they made America a land where the question of our place in history is not answered for us. It’s answered by us.

Have we failed at times? Absolutely. Will you occasionally fail when you embark on your own American journey? You surely will. But the test is not perfection.
The true test of the American ideal is whether we’re able to recognize our failings and then rise together to meet the challenges of our time. Whether we allow ourselves to be shaped by events and history, or whether we act to shape them. Whether chance of birth or circumstance decides life’s big winners and losers, or whether we build a community where, at the very least, everyone has a chance to work hard, get ahead, and reach their dreams.

We have faced this choice before.

At the end of the Civil War, when farmers and their families began moving into the cities to work in the big factories that were sprouting up all across America, we had to decide:  Do we do nothing and allow captains of industry and robber barons to run roughshod over the economy and workers by competing to see who can pay the lowest wages at the worst working conditions? Or do we try to make the system work by setting up basic rules for the market, instituting the first public schools, busting up monopolies, letting workers organize into unions?

We chose to act, and we rose together.

When the irrational exuberance of the Roaring Twenties came crashing down with the stock market, we had to decide: do we follow the call of leaders who would do nothing, or the call of a leader who, perhaps because of his physical paralysis, refused to accept political paralysis?

We chose to act -- regulating the market, putting people back to work, expanding bargaining rights to include health care and a secure retirement -- and together we rose.

When World War II required the most massive home front mobilization in history and we needed every single American to lend a hand, we had to decide: Do we listen to skeptics who told us it wasn’t possible to produce that many tanks and planes? Or, did we build Roosevelt’s Arsenal for Democracy and grow our economy even further by providing our returning heroes with a chance to go to college and own their own home?

Again, we chose to act, and again, we rose together.

Today, at the beginning of this young century, we have to decide again. But this time, it is your turn to choose.

Here in Galesburg, you know what this new challenge is. You’ve seen it. All of you, your first year in college saw what happened at 9/11. It’s already been noted, the degree to which your lives will be intertwined with the war on terrorism that currently is taking place. But what you’ve also seen, perhaps not as spectacularly, is the fact that when you drive by the old Maytag plant around lunchtime, no one walks out anymore. I saw it during the campaign when I met union guys who worked at the plant for 20, 30 years and now wonder what they’re gonna do at the age of 55 without a pension or health care; when I met the man who’s son needed a new liver but because he’d been laid off, didn’t know if he could afford to provide his child the care that he needed.

It’s as if someone changed the rules in the middle of the game and no wonder -- no one bothered to tell these folks. And, in reality, the rules have changed.

It started with technology and automation that rendered entire occupations obsolete. When was the last time anybody here stood in line for the bank teller instead of going to the ATM, or talked to a switchboard operator? Then it continued when companies like Maytag were able to pick up and move their factories to some under developed country where workers were a lot cheaper than they are in the United States.

As Tom Friedman points out in his new book, The World Is Flat, over the last decade or so, these forces -- technology and globalization -- have combined like never before. So that while most of us have been paying attention to how much easier technology has made our own lives -- sending e-mails back and forth on our blackberries, surfing the Web on our cell phones, instant messaging with friends across the world -- a quiet revolution has been breaking down barriers and connecting the world’s economies. Now business not only has the ability to move jobs wherever there’s a factory, but wherever there’s an internet connection.

Countries like India and China realized this. They understand that they no longer need to be just a source of cheap labor or cheap exports. They can compete with us on a global scale. The one resource they needed were skilled, educated workers. So they started schooling their kids earlier, longer, with a greater emphasis on math and science and technology, until their most talented students realized they don’t have to come to America to have a decent life -- they can stay right where they are.

The result? China is graduating four times the number of engineers that the United States is graduating. Not only are those Maytag employees competing with Chinese and Indian and Indonesian and Mexican workers, you are too. Today, accounting firms are e-mailing your tax returns to workers in India who will figure them out and send them back to you as fast as any worker in Illinois or Indiana could.

When you lose your luggage in Boston at an airport, tracking it down may involve a call to an agent in Bangalore, who will find it by making a phone call to Baltimore. Even the Associated Press has outsourced some of their jobs to writers all over the world who can send in a story at a click of a mouse.

As Prime Minister Tony Blair has said, in this new economy, "Talent is the 21st century wealth."  If you've got the skills, you've got the education, and you have the opportunity to upgrade and improve both, you’ll be able to compete and win anywhere. If not, the fall will be further and harder than it ever was before.

So what do we do about this? How does America find its way in this new, global economy? What will our place in history be?

Like so much of the American story, once again, we face a choice. Once again, there are those who believe that there isn’t much we can do about this as a nation. That the best idea is to give everyone one big refund on their government -- divvy it up by individual portions, in the form of tax breaks, hand it out, and encourage everyone to use their share to go buy their own health care, their own retirement plan, their own child care, their own education, and so on.

In Washington, they call this the Ownership Society. But in our past there has been another term for it -- Social Darwinism -- every man or woman for him or herself. It’s a tempting idea, because it doesn’t require much thought or ingenuity. It allows us to say that those whose health care or tuition may rise faster than they can afford -- tough luck. It allows us to say to the Maytag workers who have lost their job -- life isn’t fair. It let’s us say to the child who was born into poverty -- pull yourself up by your bootstraps. And it is especially tempting because each of us believes we will always be the winner in life’s lottery, that we’re the one who will be the next Donald Trump, or at least we won’t be the chump who Donald Trump says: “You’re fired!”

But there is a problem. It won’t work. It ignores our history. It ignores the fact that it’s been government research and investment that made the railways possible and the internet possible. It’s been the creation of a massive middle class, through decent wages and benefits and public schools that allowed us all to prosper. Our economic dependence depended on individual initiative. It depended on a belief in the free market; but it has also depended on our sense of mutual regard for each other, the idea that everybody has a stake in the country, that we’re all in it together and everybody’s got a shot at opportunity. That’s what’s produced our unrivaled political stability.

And so if we do nothing in the face of globalization, more people will continue to lose their health care. Fewer kids will be able to afford the diploma you’re about to receive.

More companies like United Airlines won’t be able to provide pensions for their employees. And those Maytag workers will be joined in the unemployment line by any worker whose skills can be bought and sold on the global market.

So today I’m here to tell you what most of you already know. This is not us -- the option that I just mentioned. Doing nothing. It’s not how our story ends -- not in this country. America is a land of big dreamers and big hopes.

It is this hope that has sustained us through revolution and civil war, depression and world war, a struggle for civil and social rights and the brink of nuclear crisis. And it is because our dreamers dreamed that we have emerged from each challenge more united, more prosperous, and more admired than before.

So let’s dream. Instead of doing nothing or simply defending 20th century solutions, let’s imagine together what we could do to give every American a fighting chance in the 21st century.

What if we prepared every child in America with the education and skills they need to compete in the new economy?  If we made sure that college was affordable for everyone who wanted to go? If we walked up to those Maytag workers and we said “Your old job is not coming back, but a new job will be there because we’re going to seriously retrain you and there’s life-long education that’s waiting for you -- the sorts of opportunities that Knox has created with the Strong Futures scholarship program.

What if no matter where you worked or how many times you switched jobs, you had health care and a pension that stayed with you always, so you all had the flexibility to move to a better job or start a new business? What if instead of cutting budgets for research and development and science, we fueled the genius and the innovation that will lead to the new jobs and new industries of the future?

Right now, all across America, there are amazing discoveries being made. If we supported these discoveries on a national level, if we committed ourselves to investing in these possibilities, just imagine what it could do for a town like Galesburg. Ten or twenty years down the road, that old Maytag plant could re-open its doors as an Ethanol refinery that turned corn into fuel. Down the street, a biotechnology research lab could open up on the cusp of discovering a cure for cancer. And across the way, a new auto company could be busy churning out electric cars. The new jobs created would be filled by American workers trained with new skills and a world-class education.

All of that is possible but none of it will come easy. Every one of us is going to have to work more, read more, train more, think more. We will have to slough off some bad habits -- like driving gas guzzlers that weaken our economy and feed our enemies abroad. Our children will have to turn off the TV set once in a while and put away the video games and start hitting the books. We’ll have to reform institutions, like our public schools, that were designed for an earlier time. Republicans will have to recognize our collective responsibilities, even as Democrats recognize that we have to do more than just defend old programs.

It won’t be easy, but it can be done. It can be our future. We have the talent and the resources and brainpower. But now we need the political will. We need a national commitment.

And we need each of you.

Now, no one can force you to meet these challenges. If you want, it will be pretty easy for you to leave here today and not give another thought to towns like Galesburg and the challenges they face. There is no community service requirement in the real world; no one is forcing you to care. You can take your diploma, walk off this stage, and go chasing after the big house, and the nice suits, and all the other things that our money culture says that you should want, that you should aspire to, that you can buy.

But I hope you don’t walk away from the challenge. Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a certain poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. You need to take up the challenges that we face as a nation and make them your own. Not because you have a debt to those who helped you get here, although you do have that debt. Not because you have an obligation to those who are less fortunate than you, although I do think you do have that obligation. It’s primarily because you have an obligation to yourself. Because individual salvation has always depended on collective salvation. Because it’s only when you hitch your wagon to something larger than yourself that you realize your true potential.

And I know that all of you are wondering how you’ll do this, the challenges seem so big. They seem so difficult for one person to make a difference.

But we know it can be done. Because where you’re sitting, in this very place, in this town, it’s happened before.

Nearly two centuries ago, before civil rights, before voting rights, before Abraham Lincoln, before the Civil War, before all of that, America was stained by the sin of slavery. In the sweltering heat of southern plantations, men and women who looked like me could not escape the life of pain and servitude in which they were sold. And yet, year after year, as this moral cancer ate away at the American ideals of liberty and equality, the nation was silent.

But its people didn’t stay silent for long.

One by one, abolitionists emerged to tell their fellow Americans that this would not be our place in history -- that this was not the America that had captured the imagination of the world.

This resistance that they met was fierce, and some paid with their lives. But they would not be deterred, and they soon spread out across the country to fight for their cause. One man from New York went west, all the way to the prairies of Illinois to start a colony.

And here in Galesburg, freedom found a home.

Here in Galesburg, the main depot for the Underground Railroad in Illinois, escaped slaves could roam freely on the streets and take shelter in people’s homes. And when their masters or the police would come for them, the people of this town would help them escape north, some literally carrying them in their arms to freedom.

Think about the risks that involved. If they were caught abetting a fugitive, you could’ve been jailed or lynched. It would have been simple for these townspeople to turn the other way; to go live their lives in a private peace.

And yet, they didn’t do that. Why?

Because they knew that we were all Americans; that we were all brothers and sisters; the same reason that a century later, young men and women your age would take Freedom Rides down south, to work for the Civil Rights movement. The same reason that black women would walk instead of ride a bus after a long day of doing somebody else’s laundry and cleaning somebody else’s kitchen. Because they were marching for freedom.

Today, on this day of possibility, we stand in the shadow of a lanky, raw-boned man with little formal education who once took the stage at Old Main and told the nation that if anyone did not believe the American principles of freedom and equality, that those principles were timeless and all-inclusive, they should go rip that page out of the Declaration of Independence.

My hope for all of you is that as you leave here today, you decide to keep these principles alive in your own life and in the life of this country. You will be tested. You won’t always succeed. But know that you have it within your power to try. That generations who have come before you faced these same fears and uncertainties in their own time. And that through our collective labor, and through God’s providence, and our willingness to shoulder each other’s burdens, America will continue on its precious journey towards that distant horizon, and a better day.

Thank you so much class of 2005, and congratulations on your graduation. Thank you.

Thank you very much, Mr. President.

You know, four years ago, following the most devastating attack in our history, this Body passed the USA PATRIOT Act in order to give our Nation's law enforcement the tools they needed to track down terrorists who plot and lurk within our own borders and all over the world; terrorists who, right now, are looking to exploit weaknesses in our laws and our security to carry out attacks that may be even deadlier than those that took place on September 11th.

We all agree that we need legislation to make it harder for suspected terrorists to go undetected in this country. And we all agree that we needed to make it harder for them to organize and strategize and get flight licenses and sneak across our borders. Americans everywhere wanted to do that.

But soon after the PATRIOT Act passed, a few years before I even arrived here in the Senate, I began hearing concerns from people of every background and political leaning that this law, the very purpose of which was to protect us, was also threatening to violate some of the rights and freedoms that we hold most dear; that it didn't just provide law enforcement the powers it needed to keep us safe but powers that it didn't need to invade our privacy without cause or suspicion.

Now, in Washington, this issue has tended to degenerate into the typical either/or debate: Either we protect our people from terror or we protect our most cherished principles. I would suggest, Mr. President, that this is a false choice. It asks too little of us and it assumes too little about America.

That's why, as it's come to time to reauthorize the USA PATRIOT Act, we've been working in a bipartisan way to do both -- to show American people that we can track down terrorists without trampling on our civil liberties, to show the American people that the Federal Government will only issue warrants and execute searches because it needs to do so, not because it can do so.

What we have been trying to achieve under the leadership of a bipartisan group of Senators is some accountability in this process to get answers and see evidence where there is suspicion.

Several weeks ago, these efforts bore fruit. The Judiciary Committee and the U.S. -- U.S. Senate managed to pass a piece of bipartisan legislation that, while I can't say is perfect, was able to address some of the most serious problems in the existing law.

Unfortunately, that strong bipartisan legislation has been tossed aside in conference. Instead, we've been forced to consider a piece of rushed legislation that fails to address the concerns of Members of both parties as well as the American people.

This is legislation that puts our own Justice Department above the law. When national security letters are issued, they allow Federal agents to conduct any search on any American, no matter how extensive, how wide ranging, without ever going before a judge to prove that the search is necessary. All that is needed is a signoff from a local FBI agent. That's it.

Once a business or a person receives notification that they will be searched, they are prohibited from telling anyone about it and they're even prohibited from challenging this automatic gag order in court. Even though judges have already found that similar restrictions violate the first amendment, this conference report disregards the case law and the right to challenge the gag order.

If you do decide to consult an attorney for legal advice, hold on. You will have to tell the FBI that you've done so. Think about that: You want to talk to a lawyer about whether or not your actions are going to be causing you to get into trouble, you've got to tell the FBI that you're consulting a lawyer. This is unheard of. There is no such requirement in any other area of the law. I see no reason why it's justified here.

And if someone wants to know why their own Government has decided to go on a fishing expedition through every personal record or private document, through the library books that you read, the phone calls that you've made, the e-mails that you've sent, this legislation gives people no rights to appeal the need for such a search in a court of law. No judge will hear your plea; no jury will hear your case. This is just plain wrong. And there are Republican Senators as well as Democratic Senators that recognize that it's plain wrong.

Giving law enforcement the tools they need to investigate suspicious activities is one thing and it's the right thing; but doing it without any real oversight seriously jeopardizes the rights of all Americans and the ideals America stands for.

Now, supporters of this conference report have argued we should just hold our noses and support this legislation because it's not going to get any better. That is not a good argument. We can do better. We've got time to do better. It doesn't convince me that I should support this report. I believe we owe it to the Nation, we owe it to those who fought for our civil liberties, we owe it to the future and our children to make sure that we craft the kind of legislation that would make us proud, not just legislation that we would settle for because we're in a rush. We don't have to settle for a PATRIOT Act that sacrifices our liberties or our safety. We can have one that secures both.

Now, there have been proposals on both sides of the aisle and in both Houses of Congress to extend the PATRIOT Act for three months so that we can reach an agreement on this bill that is well thought through. I support these efforts and will oppose cloture on what I consider to be this unacceptable conference report.

Mr. President, I thank you. I yield the floor..

Thank you very much, Mr. President. Today, we mourn the passing of Coretta Scott King.

And when I think about Coretta Scott King, I think about the little girl who walked five miles to school on those rural Alabama roads and felt the heat of racism each day she passed the door of the Whites-only school, so much closer to home. It didn't matter, because she studied and succeeded and excelled beyond most of her classmates, Black and White. She earned a college degree, and an acceptance to a prestigious graduate school up North.

And one day she met a young preacher from Atlanta, and she fell in love with him. And he told her his dreams -- and she believed in those dreams. And she decided that she would help to make them real -- not just as a wife or as a friend, but as a partner in freedom's cause.

Over the next years, Coretta Scott King did that in so many ways we can't even imagine. She raised a family, she marched through the streets, she inspired through song, she led through speech -- even dodged the countless attempts on her family's life.

And one of -- when one of those attempts finally took her love from this world, she made the selfless decision to carry on. With no time to even cry or mourn, to wallow in anger or vengeance, Coretta Scott King took to the streets just four days after the assassination and led 50,000 through the streets of Memphis in a march for the kind of justice that her husband had given his life for. She spent the rest of here marching for that same justice -- leading the King Center for Nonviolent Social Change in Atlanta, and spreading her family's message of hope to every corner of this world.

You know, I had the great honor of -- of knowing Mrs. King, and the occasion to visit with her in Atlanta last year. She was an extraordinarily gracious woman. We sat and chatted in her living room. We -- She showed me an album of photographs of her and Dr. King and the children. And then she told me what her husband had said to her once, at a time when she was feeling burdened, understandably, by all the stress and strain that had been placed on the family as a consequence of his role in the Civil Rights Movement. She said her husband suggested that:

When you are willing to make sacrifices for a great cause, you will never be alone because you will have divine companionship and the support of good people.

That was her husband's advice to her -- that when you are willing to make sacrifices for a great cause, you will never be alone.

Coretta Scott King died in her sleep last night. She certainly was not alone. She was joined by the companionship and support of a loving family and a grateful Nation -- inspired by her cause, dedicated to her work, and mournful of her passing.

My thoughts, condolences today are with her children.

And I ask that she and her husband now rest together in eternal peace.

Mr. President, I rise today both humbled and honored by the opportunity to express my support for renewal of the expiring provisions of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.

I want to thank the many people inside and outside Congress who have worked so hard over the past year to get us here. We owe a great debt of gratitude to the leadership on both sides of the aisle. And we owe special thanks to Chairmen Sensenbrenner and Specter, Ranking Members Conyers and Leahy, and Representative Mel Watt. Without their work and dedication, and the support of voting rights advocates across the country, I doubt that this bill would have come before us so soon.

I want to thank both Chambers and both sides of the aisle, as well, for getting this done with the same broad support that drove the original act 40 years ago. At a time when Americans are frustrated with the partisan bickering that too often stalls our work, the refreshing display of bipartisanship we're seeing today reflects our collective belief in the success of the act and reminds us of how effective we can be when we work together.

Nobody can deny that we've come a long way since 1965. Look at the registration numbers. Only two years after the passage of the original Act, registration numbers for minority voters in some States doubled. Soon after, not a single State covered by the Voting Rights Act had registered less than half of its minority voting age population.

Look at the influence of African-American elected officials at every single level of government. There are African-American Members of Congress. Since 2001, our Nation's top diplomat1 has been African American. In fact, most of America's elected African-American officials come from States covered by section 5 of the Voting Rights Act -- States like Mississippi, and Alabama, Louisiana, and Georgia.

But to me, the most striking evidence of our progress can be found right across this building in my dear friend Congressman John Lewis, who was on the front lines of the Civil Rights Movement, risking life and limb for freedom. And on March 7th, 1965, he led 600 peaceful protesters, demanding the right to vote, across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama. Now, I've often thought about the people on the Edmund Pettus Bridge that day, not only John Lewis and Hosea Williams, who led the march, but the hundreds of everyday Americans who left their homes and their churches to join it -- Blacks and Whites, teenagers, children, teachers, bankers, shopkeepers -- what Dr. King called a beloved community of God's children ready to stand for freedom.

And I wonder sometimes -- Where did they find that kind of courage? You know, when you're facing row after row of State troopers on horseback, armed with billy clubs and tear gas -- when they're coming toward you spewing hatred and violence, how do you simply stop, kneel down, and pray to the Lord for salvation?

But the most amazing thing of all is that after that day, after John Lewis was beaten within an inch of his life, after people's heads were gashed open and their eyes were burned, and they watched their children's innocence literally beaten out of them -- after all that, they went back and marched again. They marched again. They crossed the bridge. They awakened a nation's conscience. And not five months later the Voting Rights Act of 1965 was signed into law. It was reauthorized in 1970, in 1975, and 1982.

Now, in 2006 John Lewis, the physical scars of those marches still visible, is an original cosponsor of the fourth reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act. And he was joined last week by 389 of his House colleagues in voting for its passage.

There were some in the House, and there may be some in the Senate, who argue that the Act is no longer needed, that the protections of section 5's "preclearance'' requirement" -- a requirement that ensures certain States are upholding the right to vote -- are targeting the wrong States. Unfortunately, the evidence refutes that notion. Of the 1100 objections issued by the Department of Justice since 1965, 56 [percent] occurred since the last reauthorization in 1982. Over half have occurred since 1982. So despite the progress these States have made in upholding the right to vote, it's clear that problems still exist.

Now, there are others who would argue that we shouldn't renew section 203's protection of language minorities. These arguments have been tied to debates over immigration and they tend to muddle a noncontroversial issue -- protecting the right to vote -- with one of today's most contentious debates. But let's remember, you can't request language assistance if you're not a voter. And you can't be a voter if you are not a citizen. And while voters, as citizens, must be proficient in English, many are simply more confident that they can cast ballots printed in their native languages without making errors. It's not an unreasonable assumption.

A representative of the Southwestern Voter Registration Project is quoted as saying, (quote):

Citizens who prefer Spanish registration cards do so because they feel more connected to the process. They also feel they trust the process more when they [fully] understand it.2

These sentiments, connection to and trust in our democratic process, are exactly what we want from our voting rights legislation.

Our challenges, of course, don't end at reauthorizing the Voting Rights Act. We have to prevent the problems we've seen in recent elections from happening again. We've seen political operatives purge voters from registration rolls for no legitimate reason, prevent eligible ex-felons from casting ballots, distribute polling equipment unevenly, and deceive voters about the time, location, and rules of elections. And unfortunately, these efforts have been directed primarily at minority voters -- the disabled, low-income individuals, and other historically disenfranchised groups.

The Help America Vote Act, or HAVA, was a big step in the right direction. But we've got to do more. We need to fully fund HAVA if we're going to move forward in the next stage of securing the right to vote for every citizen. We need to enforce critical requirements like statewide registration databases. We need to make sure polling equipment is distributed equitably and equipment actually works. And we need to work on getting more people to the polls on election day.

We need to make sure that minority voters are not the subject of some deplorable intimidation tactics when they do go to the polls.

You know, in 2004 Native American voters in South Dakota were confronted by men posing as law enforcement. These hired intimidators joked about jail time for ballot missteps and followed voters to their cars to record their license plates.

["]In Lake County, Ohio, some voters received a memo on bogus Board of Election[s] letterhead, informing voters who registered through Democratic and NAACP drives that they could not vote.["]3

In Wisconsin, a flier purporting to be from the "Milwaukee Black Voters League" was circulated in predominantly African-American neighborhoods with the following message: "If you've already voted in any election this year, you can't vote in the presidential election. "If you violate any of these laws, you can get ten years in prison and your children will get taken away from you."4

Now, think about that. We've got a lot more work to do. This occasion is a cause for celebration. But it's also an opportunity to renew our commitment to voting rights. As Congressman Lewis said last week: It's clear that we've come a great distance, but we still have a great distance to go.5,6 Now, the memory of Selma still lives on in the spirit of the Voting Rights Act. Since that day, the Voting Rights Act has been a critical tool in ensuring that all Americans not only have the right to vote but have the right to have their vote counted.

And those of us concerned about protecting those rights can't afford to sit on our laurels upon reauthorization of this bill. We need to take advantage of this rare, united front and continue to fight to ensure unimpeded access to the polls of all Americans. In other words, we need to take the spirit that existed on that bridge, and we have to spread it across this country.

You know, two weeks after the first march was turned back, Dr. King spoke, and he told a gathering of organizers and activists and community members -- he said that they should not despair because "the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice."

The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice. That's because of the work that each of us do that it bends toward justice. It's because of people like John Lewis and Fannie Lou Hamer and Coretta Scott King and Rosa Parks -- all the giants upon whose shoulders we stand -- that we are beneficiaries of that arc bending toward justice.

That's why I stand here today. I would not be in the United States Senate had it not been for the efforts and courage of so many parents and grandparents and ordinary people who were willing to reach up and bend that arc in the direction of justice.

I hope we continue to see that spirit live on not just during this debate but throughout all our work here in the Senate.

Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.

As many of you know, over the last few months I've been thinking hard about my plans for 2008. Running for the presidency is a profound decision -- a decision no one should make on the basis of media hype or personal ambition alone -- and so before I committed myself and my family to this race, I wanted to be sure that this was right for us and, more importantly, right for the country.

I certainly didn't expect to find myself in this position a year ago. But as I've spoken to many of you in my travels across the states these past months, as I've read your emails and read your letters, I've been struck by how hungry we all are for a different kind of politics. So I've spent some time thinking about how I could best advance the cause of change and progress that we so desperately need.

The decisions that have been made in Washington these past six years, and the problems that have been ignored, have put our country in a precarious place. Our economy is changing rapidly, and that means profound changes for working people. Many of you have shared with me your stories about skyrocketing health care bills, the pensions you've lost and your struggles to pay for college for your kids. Our continued dependence on oil has put our security and our very planet at risk. And we're still mired in a tragic and costly war that should have never been waged.

But challenging as they are, it's not the magnitude of our problems that concerns me the most. It's the smallness of our politics. America's faced big problems before. But today, our leaders in Washington seem incapable of working together in a practical, common sense way. Politics has become so bitter and partisan, so gummed up by money and influence, that we can't tackle the big problems that demand solutions. And that's what we have to change first. We have to change our politics, and come together around our common interests and concerns as Americans.

This won't happen by itself. A change in our politics can only come from you -- from people across our country who believe there's a better way and are willing to work for it. Years ago, as a community organizer in Chicago, I learned that meaningful change always begins at the grassroots, and that engaged citizens working together can accomplish extraordinary things. So even in the midst of the enormous challenges we face today, I have great faith and hope about the future -- because I believe in you.

And that's why I wanted to tell you first that I'll be filing papers today to create a presidential exploratory committee. For the next several weeks, I'm going to talk with people from around the country, listening and learning more about the challenges we face as a nation, the opportunities that lie before us, and the role that a presidential campaign might play in bringing our country together. And on February 10th, at the end of these discussions and in my home state of Illinois, I'll share my plans with my friends, neighbors, and fellow Americans.

In the meantime, I want to thank all of you for your time, your suggestions, your encouragement, and your prayers. And I look forward to continuing our conversation in the weeks and months to come.

Hello Springfield! ...Look at all of you. Look at all of you. Goodness. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Giving all praise and honor to God for bringing us here today. Thank you so much. I am -- I am so grateful to see all of you. You guys are still cheering back there? [to audience on left.]

Let me -- Let me begin by saying thanks to all you who've traveled, from far and wide, to brave the cold today. I know it's a little chilly -- but I'm fired up. 

You know, we all made this journey for a reason. It's humbling to see a crowd like this, but in my heart I know you didn't just come here for me. You...came here because you believe in what this country can be. In the face of war, you believe there can be peace. In the face of despair, you believe there can be hope. In the face of a politics that shut you out, that's told you to settle, that's divided us for too long, you believe that we can be one people, reaching for what's possible, building that more perfect union.

That's the journey we're on today. But let me tell you how I came to be here. As most of you know, I'm not a native of this great state. I -- I moved to Illinois over two decades ago. I was a young man then, just a year out of college. I knew no one in Chicago when I arrived, was without money or family connections. But a group of churches had offered me a job as a community organizer for the grand sum of 13,000 dollars a year. And I accepted the job, sight unseen, motivated then by a single, simple, powerful idea: that I might play a small part in building a better America.

My work took me to some of Chicago's poorest neighborhoods. I joined with pastors and lay-people to deal with communities that had been ravaged by plant closings. I saw that the problems people faced weren't simply local in nature, that the decisions to close a steel mill was made by distant executives, that the lack of textbooks and computers in a school could be traced to skewed priorities of politicians a thousand miles away, and that when a child turns to violence -- I came to realize that -- there's a hole in that boy's heart that no government alone can fill.

It was in these neighborhoods that I received the best education that I ever had, and where I learned the meaning of my Christian faith.

After three years of this work, I went to law school, because I wanted to understand how the law should work for those in need. I became a civil rights lawyer, and taught constitutional law, and after a time, I came to understand that our cherished rights of liberty and equality depend on the active participation of an awakened electorate. It was with these ideas in mind that I arrived in this capital city as a state Senator.

It -- It was here, in Springfield, where I saw all that is America converge -- farmers and teachers, businessmen and laborers, all of them with a story to tell, all of them seeking a seat at the table, all of them clamoring to be heard. I made lasting friendships here, friends that I see here in the audience today. It was here -- It was here where we learned to disagree without being disagreeable; that it's possible to compromise so long as you know those principles that can never be compromised; and that so long as we're willing to listen to each other, we can assume the best in people instead of the worst.

That's why we were able to reform a death penalty system that was broken; that's why we were able to give health insurance to children in need; that's why we made the tax system right here in Springfield more fair and just for working families; and that's why we passed ethics reform that the cynics said could never, ever be passed.

It was here, in Springfield, where North, South, East, and West come together that I was reminded of the essential decency of the American people -- where I came to believe that through this decency, we can build a more hopeful America. And that is why, in the shadow of the Old State Capitol, where Lincoln once called on a house divided to stand together, where common hopes and common dreams still live, I stand before you today to announce my candidacy for President of the United States of America.

Now -- Now, listen, I -- I... -- thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. [to audience chanting "Obama"]

Look, I -- I...recognize that there is a certain presumptuousness in this, a certain audacity, to this announcement. I know that I haven't spent a lot of time learning the ways of Washington. But I've been there long enough to know that the ways of Washington must change.

The genius of our Founders is that they designed a system of government that can be changed. And we should take heart, because we've changed this country before. In the face of tyranny, a band of patriots brought an empire to its knees. In the face of secession, we unified a nation and set the captives free. In the face of Depression, we put people back to work and lifted millions out of poverty. We welcomed immigrants to our shores. We opened railroads to the west. We landed a man on the moon. And we heard a King's call to let "justice roll down like waters, and righteousness like a mighty stream."

We've done this before: Each and every time, a new generation has risen up and done what's needed to be done. Today we are called once more, and it is time for our generation to answer that call. For that is our unyielding faith -- that in -- in the face of impossible odds, people who love their country can change it.

That's what Abraham Lincoln understood. He had his doubts. He had his defeats. He had his skeptics. He had his setbacks. But through his will and his words, he moved a nation and helped free a people. It's because of the millions who rallied to his cause that we're no longer divided, North and South, slave and free. It's because men and women of every race, from every walk of life, continued to march for freedom long after Lincoln was laid to rest, that today we have the chance to face the challenges of this millennium together, as one people -- as Americans.

All of us know what those challenges are today: a war with no end, a dependence on oil that threatens our future, schools where too many children aren't learning, and families struggling paycheck to paycheck despite working as hard as they can. We know the challenges. We've heard them. We've talked about them for years.

What's stopped us from meeting these challenges is not the absence of sound policies and sensible plans. What's stopped us is the failure of leadership, the smallness -- the smallness of our politics -- the ease with which we're distracted by the petty and trivial, our chronic avoidance of tough decisions, our preference for scoring cheap political points instead of rolling up our sleeves and building a working consensus to tackle the big problems of America.

For the past six years we've been told that our mounting debts don't matter. We've been told that the anxiety Americans feel about rising health care costs and stagnant wages are an illusion. We've been told that climate change is a hoax. We've been told that tough talk and an ill-conceived war can replace diplomacy, and strategy, and foresight. And when all else fails, when Katrina happens, or the death toll in Iraq mounts, we've been told that our crises are somebody else's fault. We're distracted from our real failures, and told to blame the other Party, or gay people, or immigrants.

And as people have looked away in disillusionment and frustration, we know what's filled the void: the cynics, the lobbyists, the special interests -- who've turned our government into a game only they can afford to play. They write the checks and you get stuck with the bill. They get the access while you get to write a letter. They think they own this government, but we're here today to take it back. The time for that kind of politics is over. It is through. It's time to turn the page -- right here and right now.

Now look --

[Audience chants "Obama...Obama...Obama"]

Okay. Alright. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Look, look, we have made some progress already. I was proud to help lead the fight in Congress that led to the most sweeping ethics reforms since Watergate. But Washington has a long way to go, and it won't be easy. That's why we'll have to set priorities. We'll have to make hard choices. And although government will play a crucial role in bringing about the changes that we need, more money and programs alone will not get us to where we need to go. Each of us, in our own lives, will have to accept responsibility -- for instilling an ethic of achievement in our children, for adapting to a more competitive economy, for strengthening our communities, and sharing some measure of sacrifice.

So let us begin. Let us begin this hard work together. Let us transform this nation. Let us be the generation that reshapes our economy to compete in the digital age. Let's set high standards for our schools and give them the resources they need to succeed. Let's recruit a new army of teachers, and give them better pay and more support in exchange for more accountability. Let's make college more affordable, and let's invest in scientific research, and let's lay down broadband lines through the heart of inner cities and rural towns all across America. We can do that.

And as our economy changes, let's be the generation that ensures our nation's workers are sharing in our prosperity. Let's protect the hard-earned benefits their companies have promised. Let's make it possible for hardworking Americans to save for retirement. Let's allow our unions and their organizers to lift up this country's middle-class again. We can do that.

Let's be the generation that ends poverty in America. Every single person willing to work should be able to get job training that leads to a job, and earn a living wage that can pay the bills, and afford child care so their kids can have a safe place to go when they work. We can do this.

And let's be the generation that finally, after all these years, tackles our health care crisis. We can control costs by focusing on prevention, by providing better treatment to the chronically ill, and using technology to cut the bureaucracy. Let's be the generation that says right here, right now: We will have universal health care in America by the end of the next President's first term. We can do that.

Let's be the generation that finally frees America from the tyranny of oil. We can harness homegrown, alternative fuels like ethanol and spur the production of more fuel-efficient cars. We can set up a system for capping greenhouse gases. We can turn this crisis of global warming into a moment of opportunity for innovation, and job creation, and an incentive for businesses that will serve as a model for the world. Let's be the generation that makes future generations proud of what we did here.

Most of all, let's be the generation that never forgets what happened on that September day and confront the terrorists with everything we've got. Politics doesn't have to divide us on this anymore; we can work together to keep our country safe. I've worked with the Republican Senator Dick Lugar to pass a law that will secure and destroy some of the world's deadliest weapons. We can work together to track down terrorists with a stronger military. We can tighten the net around their finances. We can improve our intelligence capabilities and finally get homeland security right. But let's also understand that ultimate victory against our enemies will only come by rebuilding our alliances and exporting those ideals that bring hope and opportunity to millions of people around the globe.

We can do those things.

But all of this cannot come to pass until we bring an end to this war in Iraq. Most of you know -- Most of you know that I opposed this war from the start. I thought it was a tragic mistake. Today we grieve for the families who have lost loved ones, the hearts that have been broken, and the young lives that could have been. America, it is time to start bringing our troops home. It's time -- It's time to admit that no amount of American lives can resolve the political disagreement that lies at the heart of someone else's civil war. That's why I have a plan that will bring our combat troops home by March of 2008. Let the Iraqis know -- Letting the Iraqis know that we will not be there forever is our last, best hope to pressure the Sunni and Shia to come to the table and find peace.

And there's one other thing that it's not too late to get right about this war, and that is the homecoming of the men and women, our veterans, who have sacrificed the most. Let us honor their courage by providing the care they need and rebuilding the military they love. Let us be the generation that begins that work.

I know there are those who don't believe we can do all these things. I understand the skepticism. After all, every four years, candidates from both Parties make similar promises, and I expect this year will be no different. All of us running for President will travel around the country offering ten-point plans and making grand speeches; all of us will trumpet those qualities we believe make us uniquely qualified to lead this country. But too many times, after the election is over, and the confetti is swept away, all those promises fade from memory, and the lobbyists and special interests move in, and people turn away, disappointed as before, left to struggle on their own.

That's why this campaign can't only be about me. It must be about us. It must be about what we can do together. This campaign must be the occasion, the vehicle, of your hopes, and your dreams. It will take your time, your energy, and your advice to push us forward when we're doing right, and let us know when we're not. This campaign has to be about reclaiming the meaning of citizenship, restoring our sense of common purpose, and realizing that few obstacles can withstand the power of millions of voices calling for change.

By ourselves, this change will not happen. Divided, we are bound to fail. But the life of a tall, gangly, self-made Springfield lawyer tells us that a different future is possible.

He tells us that there is power in words.

He tells us that there's power in conviction.

That beneath all the differences of race and region, faith and station, we are one people.

He tells us that there's power in hope.

As Lincoln organized the forces arrayed against slavery, he was heard to say this: "Of strange, discordant, and even hostile elements, we gathered from the four winds, and formed and fought to battle through."¹

That is our purpose here today. That is why I am in this race -- not just to hold an office, but to gather with you to transform a nation. I want -- I want to win that next battle -- for justice and opportunity. I want to win that next battle -- for better schools, and better jobs, and better health care for all. I want us to take up the unfinished business of perfecting our union, and building a better America.

And if you will join with me in this improbable quest, if you feel destiny calling, and see as I see, the future of endless possibility stretching out before us; if you sense, as I sense, that the time is now to shake off our slumber, and slough off our fears, and make good on the debt we owe past and future generations, then I am ready to take up the cause, and march with you, and work with you -- today.

Together we can finish the work that needs to be done, and usher in a new birth of freedom on this Earth.

Thank you very much everybody -- let's get to work! I love you. Thank you.

Thank you...Giving all praise and honor to God for bringing us here today.

I must begin because at the Unity breakfast this morning I was saving for last and the list was so long I left him out after that introduction. So I'm going to start by saying how much I appreciate the friendship and the support and the outstanding work that he does each and every day, not just in Capitol Hill but also back here in the district. Please give a warm round of applause for your Congressman Artur Davis. 

It is a great honor to be here. Reverend Jackson, thank you so much. To the family of Brown A.M.E, to the good Bishop Kirkland, thank you for your wonderful message and your leadership. 

I want to acknowledge one of the great heroes of American history and American life, somebody who captures the essence of decency and courage, somebody who I have admired all my life and were it not for him, I'm not sure I'd be here today, Congressman John Lewis. 

I'm thankful to him. To all the distinguished guests and clergy, I'm not sure I'm going to thank Reverend Lowery because he stole the show. I was mentioning earlier, I know we've got C.T. Vivian in the audience, and when you have to speak in front of somebody who Martin Luther King said was the greatest preacher he ever heard, then you've got some problems. 

And I'm a little nervous about following so many great preachers. But I'm hoping that the spirit moves me and to all my colleagues who have given me such a warm welcome, thank you very much for allowing me to speak to you here today. 

You know, several weeks ago, after I had announced that I was running for the Presidency of the United States, I stood in front of the Old State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois; where Abraham Lincoln delivered his speech declaring, drawing in scripture, that a house divided against itself could not stand. 

And I stood and I announced that I was running for the presidency. And there were a lot of commentators, as they are prone to do, who questioned the audacity of a young man like myself, haven't been in Washington too long. 

And I acknowledge that there is a certain presumptuousness about this. 

But I got a letter from a friend of some of yours named Reverend Otis Moss Jr. in Cleveland, and his son, Otis Moss III is the Pastor at my church and I must send greetings from Dr. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr. but I got a letter giving me encouragement and saying how proud he was that I had announced and encouraging me to stay true to my ideals and my values and not to be fearful. 

And he said, if there's some folks out there who are questioning whether or not you should run, just tell them to look at the story of Joshua because you're part of the Joshua generation. 

So I just want to talk a little about Moses and Aaron and Joshua, because we are in the presence today of a lot of Moseses. We're in the presence today of giants whose shoulders we stand on, people who battled, not just on behalf of African Americans but on behalf of all of America; that battled for America's soul, that shed blood , that endured taunts and formant and in some cases gave -- torment and in some cases gave the full measure of their devotion. 

Like Moses, they challenged Pharaoh, the princes, powers who said that some are atop and others are at the bottom, and that's how it's always going to be. 

There were people like Anna Cooper and Marie Foster and Jimmy Lee Jackson and Maurice Olette, C.T. Vivian, Reverend Lowery, John Lewis, who said we can imagine something different and we know there is something out there for us, too. 

Thank God, He's made us in His image and we reject the notion that we will for the rest of our lives be confined to a station of inferiority, that we can't aspire to the highest of heights, that our talents can't be expressed to their fullest. And so because of what they endured, because of what they marched; they led a people out of bondage. 

They took them across the sea that folks thought could not be parted. They wandered through a desert but always knowing that God was with them and that, if they maintained that trust in God, that they would be all right. And it's because they marched that the next generation hasn't been bloodied so much. 

It's because they marched that we elected councilmen, congressmen. It is because they marched that we have Artur Davis and Keith Ellison. It is because they marched that I got the kind of education I got, a law degree, a seat in the Illinois senate and ultimately in the United States senate.

It is because they marched that I stand before you here today. I was mentioning at the Unity Breakfast this morning, my -- at the Unity Breakfast this morning that my debt is even greater than that because not only is my career the result of the work of the men and women who we honor here today. My very existence might not have been possible had it not been for some of the folks here today. I mentioned at the Unity Breakfast that a lot of people been asking, well, you know, your father was from Africa, your mother, she's a white woman from Kansas. I'm not sure that you have the same experience. 

And I tried to explain, you don't understand. You see, my Grandfather was a cook to the British in Kenya. Grew up in a small village and all his life, that's all he was -- a cook and a house boy. And that's what they called him, even when he was 60 years old. They called him a house boy. They wouldn't call him by his last name. 

Sound familiar? 

He had to carry a passbook around because Africans in their own land, in their own country, at that time, because it was a British colony, could not move about freely. They could only go where they were told to go. They could only work where they were told to work. 

Yet something happened back here in Selma, Alabama. Something happened in Birmingham that sent out what Bobby Kennedy called, "Ripples of hope all around the world." Something happened when a bunch of women decided they were going to walk instead of ride the bus after a long day of doing somebody else's laundry, looking after somebody else's children. When men who had PhD's decided that's enough and we're going to stand up for our dignity. 

That sent a shout across oceans so that my grandfather began to imagine something different for his son. His son, who grew up herding goats in a small village in Africa could suddenly set his sights a little higher and believe that maybe a black man in this world had a chance. 

What happened in Selma, Alabama and Birmingham also stirred the conscience of the nation. It worried folks in the White House who said, "You know, we're battling Communism. How are we going to win hearts and minds all across the world? If right here in our own country, John, we're not observing the ideals set fort in our Constitution, we might be accused of being hypocrites." So the Kennedy's decided we're going to do an air lift. We're going to go to Africa and start bringing young Africans over to this country and give them scholarships to study so they can learn what a wonderful country America is. 

This young man named Barack Obama got one of those tickets and came over to this country. He met this woman whose great great-great-great-grandfather had owned slaves; but she had a good idea there was some craziness going on because they looked at each other and they decided that we know that the world as it has been it might not be possible for us to get together and have a child. There was something stirring across the country because of what happened in Selma, Alabama, because some folks are willing to march across a bridge. So they got together and Barack Obama Jr. was born. So don't tell me I don't have a claim on Selma, Alabama. Don't tell me I'm not coming home to Selma, Alabama. 

I'm here because somebody marched. I'm here because you all sacrificed for me. I stand on the shoulders of giants. I thank the Moses generation; but we've got to remember, now, that Joshua still had a job to do. As great as Moses was, despite all that he did, leading a people out of bondage, he didn't cross over the river to see the Promised Land. God told him your job is done. You'll see it. You'll be at the mountain top and you can see what I've promised. What I've promised to Abraham and Isaac and Jacob. You will see that I've fulfilled that promise but you won't go there. 

We're going to leave it to the Joshua generation to make sure it happens. There are still battles that need to be fought; some rivers that need to be crossed. Like Moses, the task was passed on to those who might not have been as deserving, might not have been as courageous, find themselves in front of the risks that their parents and grandparents and great grandparents had taken. That doesn't mean that they don't still have a burden to shoulder, that they don't have some responsibilities. The previous generation, the Moses generation, pointed the way. They took us 90% of the way there. We still got that 10% in order to cross over to the other side. So the question, I guess, that I have today is what's called of us in this Joshua generation? What do we do in order to fulfill that legacy; to fulfill the obligations and the debt that we owe to those who allowed us to be here today?

Now, I don't think we could ever fully repay that debt. I think that we're always going to be looking back, but there are at least a few suggestions that I would have in terms of how we might fulfill that enormous legacy. The first is to recognize our history. John Lewis talked about why we're here today. But I worry sometimes -- we've got black history month, we come down and march every year, once a year. We occasionally celebrate the various events of the Civil Rights Movement, we celebrate Dr. King's birthday, but it strikes me that understanding our history and knowing what it means, is an everyday activity. 

Moses told the Joshua generation; don't forget where you came from. I worry sometimes, that the Joshua generation in its success forgets where it came from. Thinks it doesn't have to make as many sacrifices. Thinks that the very height of ambition is to make as much money as you can, to drive the biggest car and have the biggest house and wear a Rolex watch and get your own private jet, get some of that Oprah money. And I think that's a good thing. There's nothing wrong with making money, but if you know your history, then you know that there is a certain poverty of ambition involved in simply striving just for money. Materialism alone will not fulfill the possibilities of your existence. You have to fill that with something else. You have to fill it with the golden rule. You've got to fill it with thinking about others. And if we know our history, then we will understand that that is the highest mark of service. 

Second thing that the Joshua generation needs to understand is that the principles of equality that were set fort and were battled for have to be fought each and every day. It is not a one-time thing. I was remarking at the unity breakfast on the fact that the single most significant concern that this justice department under this administration has had with respect to discrimination has to do with affirmative action. That they have basically spent all their time worrying about colleges and universities around the country that are given a little break to young African Americans and Hispanics to make sure that they can go to college, too.

I had a school in southern Illinois that set up a program for PhD's in math and science for African Americans. And the reason they had set it up is because we only had less than 1% of the PhD's in science and math go to African Americans. At a time when we are competing in a global economy, when we're not competing just against folks in North Carolina or Florida or California, we're competing against folks in China and India and we need math and science majors, this university thought this might be a nice thing to do. And the justice department wrote them a letter saying we are going to threaten to sue you for reverse discrimination unless you cease this program. 

And it reminds us that we still got a lot of work to do, and that the basic enforcement of anti-discrimination laws, the injustice that still exists within our criminal justice system, the disparity in terms of how people are treated in this country continues. It has gotten better. And we should never deny that it's gotten better. But we shouldn't forget that better is not good enough. That until we have absolute equality in this country in terms of people being treated on the basis of their color or their gender, that that is something that we've got to continue to work on and the Joshua generation has a significant task in making that happen. 

Third thing -- we've got to recognize that we fought for civil rights, but we've still got a lot of economic rights that have to be dealt with. We've got 46 million people uninsured in this country despite spending more money on health care than any nation on earth. It makes no sense. As a consequence, we've got what's known as a health care disparity in this nation because many of the uninsured are African American or Latino. Life expectancy is lower. Almost every disease is higher within minority communities. The health care gap. 

Blacks are less likely in their schools to have adequate funding. We have less-qualified teachers in those schools. We have fewer textbooks in those schools. We got in some schools rats outnumbering computers. That's called the achievement gap. You've got a health care gap and you've got an achievement gap. You've got Katrina still undone. I went down to New Orleans three weeks ago. It still looks bombed out. Still not rebuilt. When 9/11 happened, the federal government had a special program of grants to help rebuild. They waived any requirement that Manhattan would have to pay 10% of the cost of rebuilding. When Hurricane Andrew happened in Florida, 10% requirement, they waived it because they understood that some disasters are so devastating that we can't expect a community to rebuild. New Orleans -- the largest national catastrophe in our history, the federal government says where's your 10%? 

There is an empathy gap. There is a gap in terms of sympathizing for the folks in New Orleans. It's not a gap that the American people felt because we saw how they responded. But somehow our government didn't respond with that same sense of compassion, with that same sense of kindness. And here is the worst part, the tragedy in New Orleans happened well before the hurricane struck because many of those communities, there were so many young men in prison, so many kids dropping out, so little hope.

A hope gap. A hope gap that still pervades too many communities all across the country and right here in Alabama. So the question is, then, what are we, the Joshua generation, doing to close those gaps? Are we doing every single thing that we can do in Congress in order to make sure that early education is adequately funded and making sure that we are raising the minimum wage so people can have dignity and respect? 

Are we ensuring that, if somebody loses a job, that they're getting retrained? And that, if they've lost their health care and pension, somebody is there to help them get back on their feet? Are we making sure we're giving a second chance to those who have strayed and gone to prison but want to start a new life? Government alone can't solve all those problems, but government can help. It's the responsibility of the Joshua generation to make sure that we have a government that is as responsive as the need that exists all across America. That brings me to one other point, about the Joshua generation, and that is this -- that it's not enough just to ask what the government can do for us-- it's important for us to ask what we can do for ourselves. 

One of the signature aspects of the civil rights movement was the degree of discipline and fortitude that was instilled in all the people who participated. Imagine young people, 16, 17, 20, 21, backs straight, eyes clear, suit and tie, sitting down at a lunch counter knowing somebody is going to spill milk on you but you have the discipline to understand that you are not going to retaliate because in showing the world how disciplined we were as a people, we were able to win over the conscience of the nation. I can't say for certain that we have instilled that same sense of moral clarity and purpose in this generation. Bishop, sometimes I feel like we've lost it a little bit. 

I'm fighting to make sure that our schools are adequately funded all across the country. With the inequities of relying on property taxes and people who are born in wealthy districts getting better schools than folks born in poor districts and that's now how it's supposed to be. That's not the American way. but I'll tell you what -- even as I fight on behalf of more education funding, more equity, I have to also say that , if parents don't turn off the television set when the child comes home from school and make sure they sit down and do their homework and go talk to the teachers and find out how they're doing, and if we don't start instilling a sense in our young children that there is nothing to be ashamed about in educational achievement, I don't know who taught them that reading and writing and conjugating your verbs was something white. 

We've got to get over that mentality. That is part of what the Moses generation teaches us, not saying to ourselves we can't do something, but telling ourselves that we can achieve. We can do that. We got power in our hands. Folks are complaining about the quality of our government, I understand there's something to be complaining about. I'm in Washington. I see what's going on. I see those powers and principalities have snuck back in there, that they're writing the energy bills and the drug laws. 

We understand that, but I'll tell you what. I also know that, if cousin Pookie would vote, get off the couch and register some folks and go to the polls, we might have a different kind of politics. That's what the Moses generation teaches us. Take off your bedroom slippers. Put on your marching shoes. Go do some politics. Change this country! That's what we need. We have too many children in poverty in this country and everybody should be ashamed, but don't tell me it doesn't have a little to do with the fact that we got too many daddies not acting like daddies. Don't think that fatherhood ends at conception. I know something about that because my father wasn't around when I was young and I struggled. 

Those of you who read my book know. I went through some difficult times. I know what it means when you don't have a strong male figure in the house, which is why the hardest thing about me being in politics sometimes is not being home as much as I'd like and I'm just blessed that I've got such a wonderful wife at home to hold things together. Don't tell me that we can't do better by our children, that we can't take more responsibility for making sure we're instilling in them the values and the ideals that the Moses generation taught us about sacrifice and dignity and honesty and hard work and discipline and self-sacrifice. That comes from us. We've got to transmit that to the next generation and I guess the point that I'm making is that the civil rights movement wasn't just a fight against the oppressor; it was also a fight against the oppressor in each of us. 

Sometimes it's easy to just point at somebody else and say it's their fault, but oppression has a way of creeping into it. Reverend, it has a way of stunting yourself. You start telling yourself, Bishop, I can't do something. I can't read. I can't go to college. I can't start a business. I can't run for Congress. I can't run for the presidency. People start telling you-- you can't do something, after a while, you start believing it and part of what the civil rights movement was about was recognizing that we have to transform ourselves in order to transform the world. Mahatma Gandhi, great hero of Dr. King and the person who helped create the nonviolent movement around the world; he once said that you can't change the world if you haven't changed. 

If you want to change the world, the change has to happen with you first and that is something that the greatest and most honorable of generations has taught us, but the final thing that I think the Moses generation teaches us is to remind ourselves that we do what we do because God is with us. You know, when Moses was first called to lead people out of the Promised Land, he said I don't think I can do it, Lord. I don't speak like Reverend Lowery. I don't feel brave and courageous and the Lord said I will be with you. Throw down that rod. Pick it back up. I'll show you what to do. The same thing happened with the Joshua generation.

Joshua said, you know, I'm scared. I'm not sure that I am up to the challenge, the Lord said to him, every place that the sole of your foot will tread upon, I have given you. Be strong and have courage, for I am with you wherever you go. Be strong and have courage. It's a prayer for a journey. A prayer that kept a woman in her seat when the bus driver told her to get up, a prayer that led nine children through the doors of the little rock school, a prayer that carried our brothers and sisters over a bridge right here in Selma, Alabama. Be strong and have courage. 

When you see row and row of state trooper facing you, the horses and the tear gas, how else can you walk? Towards them, unarmed, unafraid. When they come start beating your friends and neighbors, how else can you simply kneel down, bow your head and ask the Lord for salvation? When you see heads gashed open and eyes burning and children lying hurt on the side of the road, when you are John Lewis and you've been beaten within an inch of your life on Sunday, how do you wake up Monday and keep on marching? 

Be strong and have courage, for I am with you wherever you go. We've come a long way in this journey, but we still have a long way to travel. We traveled because God was with us. It's not how far we've come. That bridge outside was crossed by blacks and whites, northerners and southerners, teenagers and children, the beloved community of God's children, they wanted to take those steps together, but it was left to the Joshua's to finish the journey Moses had begun and today we're called to be the Joshua's of our time, to be the generation that finds our way across this river. 

There will be days when the water seems wide and the journey too far, but in those moments, we must remember that throughout our history, there has been a running thread of ideals that have guided our travels and pushed us forward, even when they're just beyond our reach, liberty in the face of tyranny, opportunity where there was none and hope over the most crushing despair. Those ideals and values beckon us still and when we have our doubts and our fears, just like Joshua did, when the road looks too long and it seems like we may lose our way, remember what these people did on that bridge.

Keep in your heart the prayer of that journey, the prayer that God gave to Joshua. Be strong and have courage in the face of injustice. Be strong and have courage in the face of prejudice and hatred, in the face of joblessness and helplessness and hopelessness. Be strong and have courage, brothers and sisters, those who are gathered here today, in the face of our doubts and fears, in the face of skepticism, in the face of cynicism, in the face of a mighty river. 

Be strong and have courage and let us cross over that Promised Land together. Thank you so much everybody. 

God bless you.

Mr. President, I rise, first, to offer strong words of support for the statement that was just offered by the distinguished Senator from Massachusetts. I, as well, rise today to speak in support of the Iraq resolution that the Senate will consider tomorrow.

Mr. President, the news from Iraq is very bad. Last week, a suicide bomber stood outside a bookstore and killed 20 people. Other attacks killed 118 Shia pilgrims. On Sunday, a car bomb went off in central Baghdad, and more than 30 people died. And the road from the airport into Baghdad is littered with smoldering debris, craters from improvised explosive devices, and the memories of our sons and daughters.

Mr. President, the civil war in Iraq rages on. The insurgents have started to change their tactics. They hide in buildings and along the streets and wait for our helicopters. They've shot down at least eight U.S. helicopters in the last month. More of our soldiers are dying and coming home with their bodies broken and their nerves shattered at a VA system completely unprepared for what they need to rebuild their lives.

Mr. President, it is not enough for the President to tell us that victory in this war is simply a matter of American resolve. The American people have been extraordinarily resolved. They've seen their sons and daughters killed or wounded in the streets of Fallujah. They've spent hundreds of billions of dollars on this effort -- money that they know could have been devoted to strengthening our homeland security and our competitive standing as a Nation. The failure has not been a failure of resolve. That's not what's led us into chaos. It's been a failure of strategy; and it's time that the strategy change. There is no military solution, Mr. President, to the civil war that rages on in Iraq; and it's time for us to redeploy so that a political solution becomes possible.

The news from Iraq is very bad, and it's been that way for at least four years. We all wish the -- that the land the President and the Vice President speak of exists. We wish that there was an Iraq where the insurgency was in the last throes, where the people work with security, where children play outside, where a vibrant new democracy lights up the nighttime sky. We wish for those things, but there's no alternative reality to what we see and read about in the news, to what we've experienced these long four years.

I repeat, Mr. President, there is no military solution to this war. At this point, no amount of soldiers can solve the grievances at the heart of someone else's civil war. The Iraqi people -- Shia, Sunni, and Kurd -- must come to the table and reach a political settlement themselves. If they want peace, they must do the hard work necessary to achieve it.

Our failed strategy in Iraq has strengthened Iran's strategic position, reduced U.S. credibility and influence around the world, placed Israel and other nations friendly to the United States in the region in greater peril. These are not the signs of a well-laid plan. It's time for a profound change.

This is what we're trying to do here today. We're saying it is time to start making plans to redeploy our troops so that they can focus on the wider struggle against terrorism, win the war in Afghanistan, strengthen our position in the Middle East, and pressure the Iraqis to reach a political settlement. Even if this effort falls short, we will continue to try to accomplish what the American people asked for last November.

I'm glad to see, though, that this new effort is gaining consensus. And I want to commend Senator Reid for his efforts. He took the time to listen -- so many of us from both Chambers of Congress could help develop this plan.

The decision in particular to begin a phased redeployment, with the goal of redeploying all our combat forces by March 31st, 2008, is the right step. It's a measure the Iraq Study Group spoke of, an idea I borrowed from them, an idea that, in a bill I introduced, now has more than 60 cosponsors from House and Senate and from both sides of the aisle. They've supported this plan since I announced a similar plan in January.

The decision allows some U.S. forces to remain in Iraq with a clear mission to protect U.S. and coalition personnel, conduct counterterrorism operations, and to train and equip Iraqi forces; and that is a smart decision. President al-Maliki spoke at a conference and warned that the violence in Iraq could spread throughout the region if it goes unchecked. By maintaining a strong presence in Iraq and the Middle East, as both my bill and the leadership bill does, we can ensure that the chaos does not spread.

I should also add that the decision to begin this phased redeployment within 120 days is a practical one. Our military options have been exhausted. It's time to seek a political solution to this war, and with this decision we send a clear signal to the parties involved that they need to arrive at an accommodation.

Mr. President, while I strongly believe that this war never should have been authorized, I believe we must be as careful in ending the war as we were careless getting in. While I prefer my approach, as reflected in my bill, I believe that this new resolution does begin to point U.S. policy in Iraq and the region in the right direction. An end to the war, and achieving a political solution to Iraq's civil war, will not happen unless we demand it.

Peace with stability doesn't just happen because we wish for it. It comes when we never give in and never give up and never tire of working towards a life on Earth worthy of our human dignity. The decisions that have been made have led us to this crossroads -- a moment of great peril, Mr. President.

We have a choice. We can continue down the road that's weakened our credibility and damaged our strategic interests in the region or we can turn toward the future. The road won't be smooth, and I have to say, Mr. President, that there will be risks with any approach. But this approach is our last best hope to end this war so we can begin to bring our troops home and begin the hard work of securing our country and our world from the threats that we face.

The President has said he will continue down the road towards more troops and more of the same failed policies. The President sought and won authorization from Congress to wage this war from the start. But he is now dismissing and ignoring the will of the American people, that is tired of years of watching the human and financial tolls mount.

Mr. President, the news from Iraq is very bad, but it can change if we in this Chamber say "enough." Let this day be the day that begins the painful and difficult work of moving from this crossroad. Let this be the day that we begin pulling towards the future with a responsible conclusion to this painful chapter in our Nation's history. Mr. President, let this be the day when we finally send a message that is so clear and so emphatic that it cannot be ignored.

Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.

Thank you very much, Mr. President.

Mr. President, on Thursdays Senator Durbin and I hold a constituent coffee so we can hear from the folks back home. A young man came a few months ago who was about 25, 26 years old. He had been in Iraq for a year -- The first -- He had been back from Iraq for a year. The first six months of that year had been spent in a coma. An explosion had shattered his face, blinded him in both eyes, has left him without the use of one arm.

He talked to us about how he was going through rehab. He introduced us to his family. He has a wife and two young daughters like I do, and his wife talked for a bit about the adjustments they were making at home since dad got hurt. And I found myself looking at not just him, but his wife, who loves him so much. And I thought about how their lives were forever changed because of the decision that was carried out four years ago.

The sacrifices of war are immeasurable. I first made this point in the fall of 2002, at the end of the speech that I gave opposing the invasion of Iraq. I said then that I certainly do not oppose all wars. Rather, I oppose dumb wars, rash wars, wars that are based on passion as opposed to wars based on a sober assessment of our national security interests, because there's no decision more profound than the one we make to send our brave men and women into harm’s way. I’ve thought about these words from time to time since that speech, but never so much as the day I saw that young man and his wife, and understood the degree to which their lives had been turn upside down.

The sacrifices of war are immeasurable. Too many have returned from Iraq with that soldier’s story -- with broken bodies and shattered nerves and wounds that even the best care may not heal. Too many of our best have come home shrouded in the flag they loved. Too many moms and dads and husbands and wives have answered that knock on the door that’s hardest for any loved one to hear. And the rest of us have seen too many promises of swift victories and dying insurgencies and budding democracy giving way to the reality of a brutal civil war that goes on and on and on to this day.

The sacrifices of war, Mr. President, are immeasurable. It was not impossible to see back then that we might arrive at the place we’re at today. I said then that a war based not on reason but on passion, not on principle but on politics would lead to a U.S. occupation of undetermined length, at undetermined cost, with undetermined consequences. I believed that an invasion of Iraq without a clear rationale or strong international support would only strengthen the recruitment arm of al-Qaeda and erode the good standing and moral authority that took our country generations to build. There were other experts and leaders and everyday Americans who believed this too.

I wish I had been wrong. I wish we weren’t here talking about this at the beginning of the war’s fifth year -- because the consequences of this war have been profound. And the sacrifices have been immeasurable.

Mr. President, those who would have us continue this war in perpetuity like to say that this is a matter of resolve on behalf of the American people. But the American people have been extraordinarily resolved. They've seen their sons and daughters killed and wounded on the streets of Fallujah. They've spent hundreds of billions of dollars on this effort -- money that could have been devoted to strengthening our homeland and our competitive standing as a nation.

It is not a failure of resolve that has led us into this chaos but a failed strategy -- a strategy that has only strengthened Iran’s strategic position, increased threats posed by terrorist organizations, reduced U.S. credibility and influence around the world, and placed Israel and other nations [friendly] to the United States in the region in greater peril. Iraq has not been a failure of resolve; it has been a failure of strategy -- and that strategy must change. It is time to bring a responsible end to U.S. involvement in this conflict is now.

It's become apparent, Mr. President, that there's no military solution to this war. No amount of U.S. soldiers -- not 10,000 more, not 20,000 more, not almost 30,000 more than we know -- that we know we are sending -- can solve the grievances that lay at the heart of someone else’s civil war. Our troops cannot serve as their diplomats, and we can no longer referee their civil war. We must begin a phased withdrawal of our forces starting May 1st, with the goal of removing all combat forces by March 30th, 2008.

We also must make sure that we’re not as careless getting out of this war as we were getting in, and that’s why this withdrawal should be gradual, and maintain some U.S. troops in the region to prevent a wider war in the region, while they can also work on going after Al Qaeda and other terrorists. But this phased withdrawal, Mr. President, must begin soon. Letting the Iraqis know that we will not be there forever is our last, best hope to pressure the Iraqis to take ownership of their country and bring an end to their conflict. It is time for our troops to start coming home.

History will not judge, Mr. President, the architects of this war kindly. But the books have yet to be written on our effort to right the wrongs we see in Iraq. The story has yet to be told about how we turned from this moment, found our way out of the desert, and took to heart the lessons of war that too many refused to heed back then; for it is of little use or comfort to recall past advice and warnings if we do not allow them to guide us in the challenges that lie ahead. Mr. President, threats loom large in an age where terrorist networks thrive, and there will certainly be times when we have to call on our brave servicemen and women to risk their lives again.

But before we make that most profound of all decisions, before we send our best off to battle, we must remember what led us to this day and learn from the principles that follow.

We must remember that ideology is not a foreign policy. We must not embark on a war based on untested theories, political agendas, or wishful thinking that has basis -- that has little basis in fact or reality. We must focus our efforts on the threats we know exist, and we must evaluate those threats with sound intelligence that is never manipulated for political reasons.

Mr. President, we must remember that the cost of going it alone is immense. It is a choice we sometimes have to make, but one [that] must be made rarely and always reluctantly. That's because America’s standing in the world is a precious resource not easily rebuilt. We value the cooperation and goodwill of other nations not because it makes us feel good, but because it makes all the world safer; because the only way to battle 21st century threats that race across the borders -- threats like terror and disease and nuclear proliferation -- is to enlist the resources and support of all nations. To win our wider struggle, we must let people across this planet know that there is another, more hopeful alternative to the hateful ideologies the terrorists espouse -- and renewed -- and a renewed America will reflect and champion that vision.

Mr. President, we must remember that planning for peace is just as critical as planning for war. Iraq was not just a failure of conception but a failure of execution, and so when a conflict does arise that requires our involvement, we must understand that country’s history, its politics, its ethnic and religious divisions before our troops ever set foot on its soil.

We must understand that setting up ballot boxes does not a democracy make -- that real freedom and real stability come from doing the hard work of helping to build a strong police force, and a legitimate government, and ensuring that people have food, and water, and electricity, and basic services. And we must be honest about how much of that we can do ourselves and how much must come from the people themselves.

Finally, Mr. President, we must remember that when we send our servicemen and women to war, we make sure we give them the training they need, and the equipment that will keep them safe, and a mission that they can accomplish. We must respect our commanders’ advice not just when its politically convenient, but even when it’s not what we want to hear. And when our troops come home, it is our most solemn responsibility to make sure they come home to the services, and the benefits, and the care they deserve.

As we stand at the beginning of the fifth year of this war, Mr. President, let us remember -- let us remember that young man from Illinois, and his wife, and his daughters, and the thousands upon thousands of families who are living the very real consequences and immeasurable sacrifices that have come from our decision to invade Iraq. We are so blessed in this country to have so many men and women like this -- Americans willing to put on that uniform, and say the hard goodbyes, and risk their lives in a far off land because they know that such consequences and sacrifices are sometimes necessary to defend our country and achieve a lasting peace.

That is why we have no greater responsibility than to ensure the decision to place them in harm’s way is the right one. And that is why we must learn the lessons of Iraq. It is what we owe our soldiers. It is what we owe their families. And it is what we owe our country -- now, and all the days and months to come.

Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.

Thank you. Thank you so much. Let me begin for thanking Lee Hamilton, who has provided just extraordinary leadership, both with the 9/11 Commission and the Iraq Study Group and here at the Wilson Center. Lee has been a steady voice of reason in an unsteady time and we are grateful for the contributions that he's made to our country.

Let me also echo your comments, Lee. My thoughts and prayers are with your colleague, Haleh Esfandiari, and her family. I've made my position known to the Iranian government. Their detention of her is unacceptable. It is time for Haleh to be released. It is time for her to come home.

Thanks to all of you for taking the time to come out with your busy schedules.

I want to acknowledge at least one of the Congressmen that you mentioned Lee, because I saw him just walk in, Congressman Steve Rothman of the 9th District of New Jersey. Thank you very much for being here.

Well, thanks to the 9/11 Commission, we know that six years ago this week President Bush received a briefing with the headline: "Bin Ladin determined to strike [the U.S.]." It came during what the Commission called the "summer of threat," when the "system was blinking red" about an independent -- impending attack. But despite the briefing, many felt the danger was overseas, a threat to embassies and military installations. The extremism, the resentment, the terrorist training camps, and the killers were in the dark corners of the world, far away from the American homeland.

And then one bright, beautiful Tuesday morning, they arrived at our shores. I remember that I was driving to a state legislative hearing in downtown Chicago when I heard the news on my car radio -- that a plane had hit the World Trade Center. By the time I got to my meeting, the second plane had hit, and we were told to evacuate. 

People gathered in the streets in Chicago, looking up at the sky and the Sears Tower, transformed from a workplace to a target. We feared for our families and we feared for our country. We mourned the terrible loss suffered by our fellow citizens. Back at my law office, I watched the images from New York: the plane vanishing into glass and steel; men and women clinging to windowsills, then letting go; tall towers crumbling to dust. It seemed all the misery and all the evil in the world were in that rolling black cloud, blocking out the September sun.

What we saw that morning forced us to recognize that in the new world of threats, we are no longer protected by our own power. And what we saw that morning was a challenge to a new generation.

The history of America is one of tragedy turned into triumph. And so a war over secession became an opportunity to set the captives free. An attack on Pearl Harbor led to a wave of freedom rolling across the Atlantic and Pacific. An Iron Curtain was punctured by democratic values, new institutions at home, and strong international partnerships abroad.

After 9/11, our calling was to write a new chapter in the American story -- to devise a new strategy and build new alliances, to secure our homeland and safeguard our values, and to serve a just cause abroad. We were ready. Americans were united. Friends around the world stood shoulder to shoulder with us. We had the might and moral suasion that was the legacy of generations of Americans. The tide of history seemed poised to turn, once again, toward hope.

But then everything changed. 

We did not finish the job against al Qaeda in Afghanistan. We did not develop new capabilities to defeat a new enemy, or launch a comprehensive strategy to dry up the terrorists' base of support. We did not reaffirm our basic values, or secure our homeland. 

Instead, we got a color-coded politics of fear -- patriotism as the possession of one political Party; the diplomacy of refusing to talk to other countries; a rigid 20th-century ideology that insisted that the 21st century's stateless terrorism could be defeated through the invasion and occupation of a state; a deliberate strategy to misrepresent 9/11 to sell a war against a country that had nothing to do with 9/11.

And so, a little more than a year after that bright September day, I was in the streets of Chicago again, this time speaking at a rally in opposition to war in Iraq. I did not oppose all wars, I said. I was a strong supporter of the war in Afghanistan. But I said I could not support "a dumb war, a rash war" in Iraq. I worried about a "U.S. occupation of undetermined length, at undetermined costs, with undetermined consequences" in the heart of the Muslim world. I pleaded that we "finish the fight with bin Ladin and al Qaeda."

The political winds were blowing in a different direction. The President was determined to go to war and there was just one obstacle: the U.S. Congress. Nine days after I spoke, that obstacle was removed. Congress rubber-stamped the rush to war, giving the President the broad and open-ended authority he uses to this day. With that vote, Congress became co-author of a catastrophic war. And we went off to fight on the wrong battlefield, with no appreciation of how many enemies we would create, and no plan for how to get out.

And because of a war in Iraq that should've never been authorized and should've never been waged, we are now less safe than we were before 9/11.

According to the National Intelligence Estimate,¹  the threat to our homeland from al Qaeda is -- quote -- "persistent and evolving." Iraq is a training ground for terror, torn apart by civil war. Afghanistan is more violent than it has been since 2001. Al Qaeda has a sanctuary in Pakistan. Israel is besieged by emboldened enemies, talking openly of its destruction. Iran is now presenting the broadest strategic challenge to the United States in the Middle East in a generation. Groups affiliated with or inspired by al Qaeda operate worldwide. Six years after 9/11, we are again in the midst of a "summer of threat," with bin Ladin and many more terrorists determined to strike in the United States.

What's more, in the dark halls of Abu Ghraib and the detention cells of Guantanamo, we have compromised our most precious values. What could have been a call to a generation has become an excuse for unchecked presidential power. A tragedy that united us was turned into a political wedge issue used to divide us.

It is time to turn the page. And it is time to write a new chapter in our response to 9/11.

Now be clear: Just because the President misrepresents our enemy does not mean that we do not have enemies. The terrorists are at war with us. The threat is from a violent -- is from violent extremists who are a small minority of the world's 1.3 billion Muslims, but the threat is real. They distort Islam. They kill man, woman, and child; Christian and Hindu, Jew and Muslim. They seek to create a repressive caliphate, and to defeat this enemy we must understand who are we are [sic] fighting against, and what are we fighting for [sic].

The President would have us believe that every bomb in Baghdad is part of al Qaeda's war against us, not an Iraqi civil war. He elevates al Qaeda in Iraq -- which didn't exist before our invasion -- and overlooks the people who hit us on 9/11, who are training new recruits in Pakistan right now. He lumps together groups with very different goals: al Qaeda and Iran, Shiite militias and Sunni insurgents. He confuses our mission. 

And worse, he is fighting the war that the terrorists want us to fight. Bin Ladin and his allies know they cannot defeat us on the field of battle or in a genuine battle of ideas. But they can provoke the reaction we've seen in Iraq: a misguided invasion of a Muslim country that sparks new insurgencies, ties down our military, busts our budgets, increases the pool of terrorist recruits, alienates America, gives democracy a bad name, and prompts the American people to question our engagement in the world.

By refusing to end the war in Iraq, President Bush is giving the terrorists what they really want, and what the Congress voted to give them in 2002: a U.S. occupation of undetermined length, at undetermined cost, with undetermined consequences.

It is time to turn the page. When I am President, we will wage the war that has to be won, with a comprehensive strategy with five elements:

[1] getting out of Iraq and on the right battlefield in Afghanistan and Pakistan;

[2] developing the capabilities and partnerships we need to take out the terrorists and the world's most deadly weapons;

[3] engaging the world to dry up support for terror and extremism;

[4] restoring our values;

[5] and securing a more resilient homeland.

Let me talk about each of these in turn.

The first step must be to get off the wrong battlefield in Iraq and take the fight to the terrorists in Afghanistan and Pakistan. I introduced a plan in January that would have already started bringing our troops out of Iraq, with the goal of removing all combat brigades by March 31st, 2008. If the President continues to veto this plan, then ending this war will be my first priority when I take office.

There is no military solution in Iraq. Only Iraq's leaders can settle the grievances at the heart of Iraqis' civil war. We must apply pressure on them to act, and our best leverage is reducing our troop presence. And we must also do the hard, sustained diplomatic work in the region on behalf of peace and stability.

In ending the war, we must act with more wisdom than we started it. That's why my plan would maintain sufficient forces in the region to target all al Qaeda within Iraq. But we must recognize that al Qaeda is not the primary source of violence in Iraq, and has little support -- not from Shia and Kurds who are al Qaeda targets, or Sunni tribes hostile to foreigners. On the contrary, al Qaeda's appeal within Iraq is enhanced by our troop presence.

Ending the war will help isolate al Qaeda and give Iraqis the incentive and opportunity to take them out. It will also allow us to direct badly needed resources to Afghanistan. Our troops have fought valiantly there, but Iraq has deprived them of the support that they need and deserve. As a result, parts of Afghanistan are falling into the hands of the Taliban, and a mix of terrorism, drugs, and corruption threatens to overwhelm the country.

As President, I will deploy at least two additional brigades to Afghanistan to re-enforce our counter-terrorism operations and support NATO's efforts against the Taliban. As we step up our commitment, our European friends must do the same, and without the burdensome restrictions that have hampered NATO's efforts. We must also put more of an Afghan face on security by improving the training and equipping of Afghan Army and Police, and including Afghan soldiers in U.S. and NATO operations. 

We must not, however, repeat the mistakes of Iraq. The solution in Afghanistan is not just military -- it is political and economic. That's why as President, I will increase our non-military aid by one billion dollars to Afghanistan. These resources should fund projects at the local level to impact ordinary Afghans, including the development of alternative livelihoods for poppy farmers. And we must seek better performance from the Afghan government, and support that performance through tough anti-corruption safeguards on aid, and increased international support to develop the rule of law across the country.

Above all, I will send a clear message: We will not repeat the mistakes of the past, when we turned our back on Afghanistan following Soviet withdrawal. As 9/11 showed us, the security of Afghanistan and America is shared. And today, that security is most threatened by the al Qaeda and Taliban sanctuaries in the tribal regions of northwest Pakistan. 

Al Qaeda terrorists train, travel, and maintain global communications in this safe-haven. The Taliban pursues a "hit and run" strategy, striking in Afghanistan, then skulking across the border to safety.

This is the wild frontier of our globalized world. There are wind-swept deserts and cave-dotted mountains. There are tribes that see borders as nothing more than lines on a map, and governments as forces that come and go. There are blood ties deeper than alliances of convenience, and pockets of extremism that follow religion to violence. It is a tough place. 
But that is no excuse. There must be no safe-havens for terrorists who threaten America. We cannot fail to act just because action is hard. 

As President, I would make hundreds of millions of dollars in U.S. military aid to Pakistan conditional, and I would make our conditions clear: Pakistan must make substantial progress in closing down the training camps, evicting foreign fighters, and preventing the Taliban from using Pakistan as a staging area for attacks in Afghanistan. 

Now I understand that President Musharraf has his own challenges. But let me make this clear: There are terrorists holed up in those mountains who murdered 3,000 Americans. They are plotting to strike again. It was a terrible mistake to fail to act when we had a chance to take out an al Qaeda leadership meeting in 2005. If we have actionable intelligence about high-valued terrorist targets and President Musharraf will not act, we will.

And Pakistan needs more than F-16s to combat extremism. As the Pakistani government increases investment in secular education to counter radical madrasas,² my Administration will increase America's commitment. We must help Pakistan invest in the provinces along the Afghan border, so that extremist programs of hate are met with programs of hope. And we must not turn a blind eye to elections that are neither free nor fair. Our goal is not simply an ally in Pakistan, it is a democratic ally.

Beyond Pakistan, there's a core of terrorists -- probably in the tens of thousands -- who have made their choice to attack America. So the second step in my strategy will be to build our capacity and our partnership to track down, capture or kill terrorists around the world, and to deny them the world's most dangerous weapons.

I will not hesitate to use military force to take out terrorists who pose a direct threat to America. This requires a broad set of capabilities, as outlined in the Army and Marine Corps's new counter-insurgency manual.³  I'll ensure that our military becomes more stealth, agile, and lethal in its ability to capture or kill terrorists. We need to recruit, train, and equip our armed forces to better target terrorists, and to help foreign militaries to do the same. This has to include a program to bolster our ability to speak different languages, understand different cultures, and coordinate complex missions with our civilian agencies.

To succeed, we must improve our civilian capacity. The finest military in the world is adapting to the challenges of the 21st century. But it cannot counter insurgent and terrorist threats without civilian counterparts who can carry out economic and political reconstruction missions -- sometimes in dangerous places. As President, I will strengthen these civilian capabilities, recruiting our best and brightest to take on this challenge. I'll increase both the number and capabilities of our diplomats, development experts, and other civilians who can work alongside our military. We can't just say there is no military solution to the problems unless we actually have other approaches. We need to integrate all aspects of American military power.

One component of this integrated approach will be a new Mobile Development Team that brings together personnel from State Department, the Pentagon, and USAID. These teams will work with civil society and local governments to make an immediate impact on peoples' lives, and to turn the tide against extremism. Where people are most vulnerable, where the light of hope has grown dark, and where we are in a position to make real differences in advancing security and opportunity -- that is where these teams will go. 

I'll also strengthen our intelligence. This is about more than an organizational chart. We need leadership that forces our agencies to share information, and leadership that never, ever twists the facts to support bad policies. But we also have to build our capacity to better collect and analyze information, and to carry out operations to disrupt terrorist plots and break up terrorist networks.

This cannot just be an American mission. Al Qaeda and its allies operate in nearly 100 countries. The United States cannot steal every secret, penetrate every cell, act on every tip, or track down every terrorist by itself -- nor should we have to do this by ourselves. This is not just about our security. It's about the common security of all the world.

As President, I will create a Shared Security Partnership Program to forge an international intelligence and law enforcement infrastructure to take down terrorist networks from the remotest islands of Indonesia, to the sprawling cities of Africa. This program will provide five billion dollars over three years for counter-terrorism cooperation with countries around the world, including information sharing, funding for terror -- training, operations, border security, anti-corruption programs, technology, and targeting terrorist financing. And this effort will focus on helping our partners succeed without repressive tactics, because brutality breeds terror -- it does not defeat it.

We must also do more to safeguard the world's most dangerous weapons. This is something that I've spoken about extensively before. We know al Qaeda seeks a nuclear weapon. We know they would not hesitate to use one. Yet there's still about 50 tons of highly enriched uranium, some of it poorly secured, at civilian nuclear facilities in over forty countries. There are still about 15,000 to 16,000 nuclear weapons and stockpiles of uranium and plutonium scattered across 11 time zones in the former Soviet Union.

That's why I worked in the Senate with Republican Senator Dick Lugar to pass a law that would help the United States and our allies detect and stop the smuggling of weapons of mass destruction. That's why I'm introducing a bill with Chuck Hagel that seeks to prevent nuclear terrorism, reduce global nuclear arsenals, and stop the spread of nuclear weapons. And that is why, as President, I will lead a global effort to secure all nuclear weapons and material at vulnerable sites within four years. This is something that we can do. We have to stop short-changing it. While we work to secure existing stockpiles, we should also negotiate a verifiable global ban on the production of new nuclear weapons material.

I also won't hesitate to use the power of American diplomacy to stop countries from obtaining these weapons or sponsoring terrorism. The lesson of the Bush years is that not talking does not work. Go down the list of countries we've ignored and see how successful that strategy has been. We haven't talked to Iran, and they continue to build their nuclear program. We haven't talked to Syria, and they continue to support for terror. We tried not talking to North Korea, and they now have enough material for six to eight more nuclear weapons. 

It's time to turn the page on the diplomacy of tough talk and no action. It's time to turn the page on Washington's conventional wisdom that agreement must be reached before you meet, that talking to other countries is some kind of reward, and that Presidents can only meet with people who will tell them what they want to hear.

President Kennedy said it best: "Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate." Only by knowing your adversary can you defeat them or drive wedges between them. As President, I will work with our friends and our allies, but I won't outsource our diplomacy to Tehran -- in Tehran to the Europeans, or our diplomacy in Pyongyang to the Chinese. I will do the careful preparation that's needed, and let these countries know where I stand. They will no longer have the excuse of American intransigence, although they will have our terms: no support for terror and no nuclear weapons. 

But America must be more than taking out terrorists and locking up weapons, or else new terrorists will rise up and take the place of every one we capture or kill. That's why the third step in my strategy will be drying up the rising well of support for extremism.

When you travel to the world's trouble spots as a U.S. Senator, much of what you see is from  helicopters. So you look out, with the buzz of the rotor in your ear, maybe a door gunner nearby, and you see the refugee camps in Darfur, the blood near Djibouti -- the...flood near Djibouti, the bombed out blocks in Baghdad. You see the thousands of desperate faces. But you only see them from a distance.

Al Qaeda's new recruits come from Africa and Asia, the Middle East and Europe. Many come from disaffected communities and disconnected corners of our interconnected world. And it makes you stop and wonder: When those faces look up at an American helicopter, do they feel hope, or do they feel hate?

We know where extremists thrive: in conflict zones that are incubators of resentment and anarchy; in weak states that cannot control their borders or territories, or meet the basic needs of their people. From Africa to central Asia to the Pacific Rim -- nearly 60 countries stand on the brink of conflict or collapse. The extremists encourage the exploitation of these hopeless places with their hate-filled -- hate-filled websites.

And we know what the extremists say about us: America is just an occupying Army in Muslim lands, the shadow of a shrouded figure standing on a box at Abu Ghraib, the power behind the throne of a repressive leader. They say we are at war with Islam. That's the whispered line of the extremist who has nothing to offer in this battle of ideas but blame -- blame America, blame progress, blame Jews. And often he offers something along with the hate. A sense of empowerment. Maybe an education at a madrasa, some charity for your family, some basic services in the neighborhood. And then -- a mission and a gun.

We know we are not who they say we are. America is at war with the terrorists who killed people on our soil. We're not at war with Islam. America is a compassionate nation that wants a better future for all people. The vast majority of the world's 1.3 billion Muslims have no use for bin Ladin or his bankrupt ideas. But too often since 9/11, the extremists have defined us, not the other way around. 

When I am President, that will change. We will author our own story. We do need to stand for democracy. And I will. But democracy is more than a ballot box. America must show -- through deeds as well as words -- that we stand with those who seek a better life. That child looking up at the helicopter must see America and feel hope.

As President, I will make it a focus of my foreign policy to roll back the tide of hopelessness that gives rise to hate. Freedom must mean freedom from fear, not freedom of anarchy. I will never shrug my shoulders and say -- as Secretary Rumsfeld did -- "Freedom is untidy." I will focus our support on helping nations build independent judicial systems, honest police forces, and financial systems that are transparent and accountable. Freedom also means freedom from want, not freedom lost to an empty stomach. So I'll make poverty reduction a key part of helping other nations reduce chaos and anarchy.

I will double our investments to meet these challenges to 50 billion dollars by 2012. And I will support a 2 billion dollar Global Education Fund to counter the radical madrasas -- often funded by money from within Saudi Arabia -- that have filled young minds with messages of hate. We must work for a world where every child, everywhere, is taught to build and not to destroy. And as we lead we will ask for more from our friends in Europe and Asia as well -- more support for our diplomacy, more support for multilateral peacekeeping, and more support to rebuild societies ravaged by conflict. 

I will also launch a program of public diplomacy that is coordinated across my Administration, not a small group of political officials in the State Department explaining a misguided war. We will open "America Houses" in cities across the Islamic world, with the Internet, libraries, English lessons, stories of America's Muslims and the strength they add to our country, and vocational programs. Through a new "America's Voice Corps" we will recruit, train, and send out into the field talented young Americans who can speak with and listen to the people who today hear about us only from our enemies.

As President, I will lead this effort. In the first hundred days of my Administration, I will travel to a major Islamic forum and deliver an address to redefine our struggle. I will make clear that we are not at war with Islam, that we will stand up with -- we will stand with those who are willing to stand up for their future, and that we need their effort to defeat the prophets of hate and violence. I will speak directly to that child who looks up at that helicopter, and my message will be clear: "You matter to us. Your future is our future. And our moment is now." 

This brings me to the fourth step in my strategy: I will make clear that the days of compromising our values are over. Major General Paul Eaton had a long and distinguished career serving this country. It included training the Iraqi Army. After Abu Ghraib, his senior Iraqi advisor came into his office and said: "You have no idea how will this play -- this will play out in the streets of Baghdad and the rest of the Arab world. How can this be?" This was not the America this Iraqi had looked up to.

As the counter-insurgency manual reminds us, we cannot win a war unless we maintain the high ground and keep the people on our side. But because the Administration decided to take the low road, our troops have more enemies. Because the Administration cast aside international norms that reflect American values, we are less able to promote our values. When I am President, America will reject torture without exception. America is the country that stood against that kind of behavior before, and we will do so again.

I will also reject a legal framework that does not work. There has been only one conviction at Guantanamo. It was for a guilty plea on a -- on material support for terrorism. The sentence was nine months long. There has not been one conviction of a terrorist act. I have faith in America's courts, and I have faith in our JAGs. As President, I will close Guantanamo, reject the Military Commissions Act, and adhere to the Geneva Conventions. Our Constitution and our Uniform Code of Military Justice provide a framework for dealing with the terrorists.

This Administration also puts forward a false choice between the liberties we cherish and the security we provide. I will provide our intelligence and law enforcement agencies with the tools they need to track and take out the terrorists without undermining our Constitution and our freedom.

That means no more illegal wire-tapping of American citizens; no more national security letters to spy on citizens who are not suspected of a crime; no more tracking citizens who do nothing more than protest a misguided war; no more ignoring the law when it is inconvenient. That is not who we are. And it's not what is necessary to defeat the terrorists. The FISA court works. The separation of powers works. Our Constitution works. We will again set an example for the world that the law is not subject to the whims of stubborn rulers, and that justice is not arbitrary.

This Administration acts like violating civil liberties is the way to enhance our security. It is not. There are no shortcuts to protecting America, and that is why the fifth part of my strategy is doing the hard and patient work to secure a more resilient homeland.

Too often this Administration's approach to homeland security has been to scatter money around and avoid hard choices, or to scare Americans without telling them what to be scared of, or what to do. A Department set up to make Americans feel safer didn't even show up when bodies drifted through the streets in New Orleans. That's not acceptable. 

My Administration will take an approach to homeland security guided by risk. I will establish a Quadrennial Review at the Department of Homeland Security -- just like at the Pentagon -- to undertake a top to bottom review of the threats we face and our ability to confront them. And I'll develop a comprehensive National Infrastructure Protection Plan that draws on both local know-how and national priorities. 

We have to put the resources where our infrastructure is most vulnerable. That means tough and permanent standards for securing our chemical -- chemical plants; improving our capability to screen cargo and investing in safeguards that will prevent the disruption of our ports; and making sure our energy sector -- our refineries and pipelines and power grids -- is protected so that terrorists cannot cripple our economy. 

We also have to get past a top-down approach. Folks across America are the ones on the front lines. On 9/11, it was citizens -- empowered by their knowledge of the World Trade Center attacks -- who protected our government by heroically taking action on Flight 93 to keep it from reaching our nation's capital. When I have information that can empower Americans, I will share it with Americans.

Information sharing with state and local governments must be a two-way street, because we never know where the two pieces of the puzzle are that might fit together -- the tip from Afghanistan, and the cop who sees something suspicious on Michigan Avenue. I will increase funding to gather information and connect it to the intelligence they receive from the federal government. I will address the problem of our prisons, where the most disaffected and disconnected Americans are being explicitly targeted for conversion by al Qaeda and its ideological allies. 

And my Administration will not permit more lives to be lost because emergency responders are not outfitted with the communications capability and protective equipment their jobs require, or because the federal government is too slow to respond when disaster strikes. We've been through that on 9/11. We've been through that during Katrina. I will ensure that we have the resources and competent federal leadership we need to support our communities when American lives are at stake. 

But this effort can't just be about what we ask of our men and women in uniform. It can't just be about how we spend our time or our money. Ultimately, it's about the kind of country we are.

We are in the early stages of a long struggle. Yet since 9/11, we've heard a lot about what America can't do or shouldn't do or won't even try to do. We can't vote against a misguided war in Iraq because that would make us look weak. We can't talk to other countries because that would be a reward. We can't reach out to the hundreds of millions of Muslims who reject terror because we worry that they hate us. We can't protect the homeland because there are too many targets, or secure our people while staying true to our values. We can't get past the America of Red States and Blue States, the politics of who's up and who's down because that's how politics has come to be done in America.

That is not the America that I know. The America I know is the last, best hope for a child looking up at a helicopter. It's the country that put a man on the moon, a country that defeated fascism and helped rebuild Europe. It's a country whose strength abroad is measured not just by armies, but rather by the power of our ideals, and by our purpose to forge an ever more perfect union at home. 

That's the America I know. We just have to act like it again to write that next chapter in  American [sic] story. If we do, we can keep America safe while extending security and opportunity around the world. We can hold true to our values, and in doing so advance those values abroad. And we can be what that child looking up at a helicopter needs us to be: the relentless opponent of terror and tyranny, and the light of hope to the world. 

To make this story a reality, it's going to take Americans coming together and changing the fundamental direction of this country. It's going to take the service of a new generation of young people. It's going to take facing tragedy head-on and turning it into the next generation's triumph. That's a challenge that I welcome. Because when we do make that change, we will do more than win a war -- we'll live up to that calling to make America, and the world, safer, freer, and more hopeful than we found it.

Thank you very much everybody. Thank you.

Thank you so much. To -- To the great Governor of Iowa and Lieutenant Governor of Iowa; to my dear friend Tom Harkin for the outstanding work that he does; to the congressional delegation of Iowa that is doing outstanding work; and to Nancy Pelosi, Madam Speaker, thank you all for the wonderful welcome and the wonderful hospitality.

I love you back. [to audience]

A little less than one year from today, you will go into the voting booth and you will select the President of the United States of America. Now, here’s the good news -- the name George W. Bush will not be on the ballot. The name of my cousin Dick Cheney will not be on the ballot. We’ve been trying to hide that for a long time. Everybody has a black sheep in the family. The era of Scooter Libby justice, and Brownie incompetence, and Karl Rove politics will finally be over.

But the question you’re going to have to ask yourself when you caucus in January and you vote in November is, “What’s next for America?” We are in a defining moment in our history. Our nation is at war. The planet is in peril. The dream that so many generations fought for feels as if it’s slowly slipping away. We are working harder for less. We’ve never paid more for health care or for college.  It’s harder to save and it’s harder to retire. And most of all we’ve lost faith that our leaders can or will do anything about it.

We were promised compassionate conservatism and all we got was Katrina and wiretaps. We were promised a uniter, and we got a President who could not even lead the half of the country that voted for him. We were promised a more ethical and more efficient government, and instead we have a town called Washington that is more corrupt and more wasteful than it was before. And the only mission that was ever accomplished is to use fear and falsehood to take this country to a war that should have never been authorized and should have never been waged.

It is because of these failures that America is listening, intently, to what we say here today -- not just Democrats, but Republicans and Independents who’ve lost trust in their government, but want to believe again. And it is because of these failures that we not only have a moment of great challenge, but also a moment of great opportunity. We have a chance to bring the country together in a new majority -- to finally tackle problems that George Bush made far worse, but that had festered long before George Bush ever took office -- problems that we’ve talked about year after year after year after year.

And that is why the same old Washington textbook campaigns just won’t do in this election.  That’s why not answering questions ‘cause we are afraid our answers won’t be popular just won’t do. That’s why telling the American people what we think they want to hear instead of telling the American people what they need to hear just won’t do. Triangulating and poll-driven positions because we’re worried about what Mitt or Rudy might say about us just won’t do. If we are really serious about wining this election Democrats, we can’t live in fear of losing it.

This party -- the party of Jefferson and Jackson, of Roosevelt and Kennedy -- has always made the biggest difference in the lives of the American people when we led, not by polls, but by principle; not by calculation, but by conviction; when we summoned the entire nation to a common purpose -- a higher purpose. And I run for the Presidency of the United States of America because that’s the party America needs us to be right now.

A party that offers not just a difference in policies, but a difference in leadership.

A party that doesn’t just focus on how to win but why we should.

A party that doesn’t just offer change as a slogan, but real, meaningful change -- change that America can believe in.

That’s why I’m in this race. That’s why I am running for the Presidency of the United States of America -- to offer change that we can believe in.

I am in this race to tell the corporate lobbyists that their days of setting the agenda in Washington are over. I have done more than any other candidate in this race to take on lobbyists -- and won. They have not funded my campaign, they will not get a job in my White House, and they will not drown out the voices of the American people when I am President.

I’m in this race to take those tax breaks away from companies that are moving jobs overseas and put them in the pockets of hard working Americans who deserve it. And I won’t raise the minimum wage every ten years -- I will raise it to keep pace so that workers don’t’ fall behind.

That is why I am in it. To protect the American worker. To fight for the American worker.

I’m in this race because I want to stop talking about the outrage of 47 million Americans without health care and start actually doing something about it. I expanded health care in Illinois by bringing Democrats and Republicans together.  By taking on the insurance industry. And that is how I will make certain that every single American in this country has health care they can count on and I won’t do it twenty years from now, I won’t do it ten years from now, I will do it by the end of my first term as President of the United States of America.

I run for president to make sure that every American child has the best education that we have to offer -- from the day they are born to the day they graduate from college. And I won’t just talk about how great teachers are -- as President I will reward them for their greatness -- by raising salaries and giving them more support. That’s why I’m in this race.

I am running for President because I am sick and tired of democrats thinking that the only way to look tough on national security is by talking, and acting, and voting like George Bush Republicans.

When I am this party’s nominee, my opponent will not be able to say that I voted for the war in Iraq; or that I gave George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran; or that I supported Bush-Cheney policies of not talking to leaders that we don’t like. And he will not be able to say that I wavered on something as fundamental as whether or not it is ok for America to torture -- because it is never ok. That’s why I am in it.

As President, I will end the war in Iraq. We will have our troops home in sixteen months. I will close Guantanamo. I will restore habeas corpus. I will finish the fight against Al Qaeda. And I will lead the world to combat the common threats of the 21st century -- nuclear weapons and terrorism; climate change and poverty; genocide and disease. And I will send once more a message to those yearning faces beyond our shores that says, “You matter to us. Your future is our future. And our moment is now.”

America, our moment is now. Our moment is now. I don’t want to spend the next year or the next four years re-fighting the same fights that we had in the 1990s. I don’t want to pit Red America against Blue America, I want to be the President of the United States of America.

And if those Republicans come at me with the same fear-mongering and swift-boating that they usually do, then I will take them head on. Because I believe the American people are tired of fear and tired of distractions and tired of diversions. We can make this election not about fear, but about the future. And that won’t just be a Democratic victory; that will be an American victory. And that is a victory America needs right now.

I am not in this race to fulfill some long-held ambitions or because I believe it’s somehow owed to me. I never expected to be here, I always knew this journey was improbable. I’ve never been on a journey that wasn’t. I am running in this race because of what Dr. King called “the fierce urgency of now.”  Because I believe that there’s such a thing as being too late.  And that hour is almost upon us.

I don’t want to wake up four years from now and find out that millions of Americans still lack health care because we couldn’t take on the insurance industry.

I don’t want to see that the oceans have risen a few more inches. The planet has reached a point of no return because we couldn’t find a way to stop buying oil from dictators.

I don’t want to see more American lives put at risk because no one had the judgment or the courage to stand up against a misguided war before we sent our troops into fight.

I don’t want to see homeless veterans on the streets. I don’t want to send another generation of American children to failing schools. I don’t want that future for my daughters. I don’t want that future for your sons. I do not want that future for America.

I’m in this race for the same reason that I fought for jobs for the jobless and hope for the hopeless on the streets of Chicago; for the same reason I fought for justice and equality as a civil rights lawyer; for the same reason that I fought for Illinois families for over a decade.

Because I will never forget that the only reason that I’m standing here today is because somebody, somewhere stood up for me when it was risky. Stood up when it was hard. Stood up when it wasn’t popular. And because that somebody stood up, a few more stood up. And then a few thousand stood up. And then a few million stood up. And standing up, with courage and clear purpose, they somehow managed to change the world.

That’s why I’m running, Iowa -- to give our children and grandchildren the same chances somebody gave me.

That’s why I’m running, Democrats -- to keep the American Dream alive for those who still hunger for opportunity, who still thirst for equality.

That’s why I’m asking you to stand with me, that’s why I’m asking you to caucus for me, that’s why I am asking you to stop settling for what the cynics say we have to accept.

In this election -- in this moment -- let us reach for what we know is possible. A nation healed.  A world repaired. An America that believes again.

Thank you very much everybody.

Thank you, Iowa.

You know, they said -- they said -- they said this day would never come.

They said our sights were set too high.

They said this country was too divided, too disillusioned to ever come together around a common purpose.

But on this January night, at this defining moment in history, you have done what the cynics said we couldn't do.

You have done what the state of New Hampshire can do in five days.

You have done what America can do in this new year, 2008.

In lines that stretched around schools and churches, in small towns and in big cities, you came together as Democrats, Republicans, and independents, to stand up and say that we are one nation. We are one people. And our time for change has come.

You said the time has come to move beyond the bitterness and pettiness and anger that's consumed Washington; to end the political strategy that's been all about division, and instead make it about addition; to build a coalition for change that stretches through red states and blue states; because that's how we'll win in November, and that's how we'll finally meet the challenges that we face as a nation.

We are choosing hope over fear. We're choosing unity over division, and sending a powerful message that change is coming to America.

You said the time has come to tell the lobbyists who think their money and their influence speak louder than our voices that they don't own this government -- we do. And we are here to take it back.

The time has come for a President who will be honest about the choices and the challenges we face, who will listen to you and learn from you, even when we disagree, who won't just tell you what you want to hear, but what you need to know.

And in New Hampshire, if you give me the same chance that Iowa did tonight, I will be that President for America.

I'll be a President who finally makes health care affordable and available to every single American, the same way I expanded health care in Illinois, by -- by bringing Democrats and Republicans together to get the job done.

I'll be a President who ends the tax breaks for companies that ship our jobs overseas and put a middle-class tax cut into the pockets of working Americans who deserve it.

I'll be a President who harnesses the ingenuity of farmers and scientists and entrepreneurs to free this nation from the tyranny of oil once and for all.

And I'll be a President who ends this war in Iraq and finally brings our troops home, who restores our moral standing, who understands that 9/11 is not a way to scare up votes but a challenge that should unite America and the world against the common threats of the 21st century -- common threats of terrorism and nuclear weapons, climate change and poverty, genocide and disease.

Tonight, we are one step closer to that vision of America because of what you did here in Iowa. And so I'd especially like to thank the organizers and the precinct captains, the volunteers and the staff who made this all possible.

And while I'm at it on thank you's, I think it makes sense for me to thank the love of my life, the rock of the Obama family, the closer on the campaign trail: Give it up for Michelle Obama.

I know you didn't do this for me. You did this -- You did this because you believed so deeply in the most American of ideas -- that in the face of impossible odds, people who love this country can change it.

I know this. I know this because while I may be standing here tonight, I'll never forget that my journey began on the streets of Chicago doing what so many of you have done for this campaign and all the campaigns here in Iowa: organizing and working and fighting to make people's lives just a little bit better.

I know how hard it is. It comes with little sleep, little pay, and a lot of sacrifice. There are days of disappointment. But sometimes, just sometimes, there are nights like this: a night -- a night that, years from now, when we've made the changes we believe in, when more families can afford to see a doctor, when our children -- when Malia and Sasha and your children inherit a planet that's a little cleaner and safer, when the world sees America differently, and America sees itself as a nation less divided and more united, you'll be able to look back with pride and say that this was the moment when it all began.

This was the moment when the improbable beat what Washington always said was inevitable.

This was the moment when we tore down barriers that have divided us for too long; when we rallied people of all parties and ages to a common cause; when we finally gave Americans who had never participated in politics a reason to stand up and to do so.

This was the moment when we finally beat back the poli[tics] of fear and doubt and cynicism, the politics where we tear each other down instead of lifting this country up. This was the moment.

Years from now, you'll look back and you'll say that this was the moment, this was the place where America remembered what it means to hope. For many months, we've been teased, even derided for talking about hope. But we always knew that hope is not blind optimism. It's not ignoring the enormity of the tasks ahead or the roadblocks that stand in our path.

It's not sitting on the sidelines or shirking from a fight. Hope is that thing inside us that insists, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us if we have the courage to reach for it and to work for it and to fight for it.

Hope is what I saw in the eyes of the young woman in Cedar Rapids who works the night shift after a full day of college and still can't afford health care for a sister who's ill -- a young woman who still believes that this country will give her the chance to live out her dreams.

Hope is what I heard in the voice of the New Hampshire woman who told me that she hasn't been able to breathe since her nephew left for Iraq -- who still goes to bed each night praying for his safe return.

Hope is what led a band of colonists to rise up against an empire, what led the greatest of generations to free a continent and heal a nation, what led young women and young men to sit at lunch counters and brave fire hoses and march through Selma and Montgomery for freedom's cause.

Hope -- Hope is what led me here today. With a father from Kenya, a mother from Kansas, and a story that could only happen in the United States of America.

Hope is the bedrock of this nation -- the belief that our destiny will not be written for us, but by us, by all those men and women who are not content to settle for the world as it is, who have the courage to remake the world as it should be.

That is what we started here in Iowa and that is the message we can now carry to New Hampshire and beyond; the same message we had when we were up and when we were down; the one that can save this country, brick by brick, block by block, calloused hand by calloused hand; that together, ordinary people can do extraordinary things.

Because we are not a collection of red states and blue states. We are the United States of America. And in this moment, in this election, we are ready to believe again.

Thank you, Iowa.

Thank you. Thank you, New Hampshire. I love you back. Thank you. Thank you.

Well, thank you so much. I am still fired up and ready to go. Thank you. Thank you.

Well, first of all, I want to congratulate Senator Clinton on a hard-fought victory here in New Hampshire. She did an outstanding job. Give her a big round of applause.

You know, a few weeks ago, no one imagined that we'd have accomplished what we did here tonight in New Hampshire. No one could have imagined it.

For most of this campaign, we were far behind. We always knew our climb would be steep. But in record numbers, you came out, and you spoke up for change.

And with your voices and your votes, you made it clear that at this moment, in this election, there is something happening in America.

There is something happening when men and women in Des Moines and Davenport, in Lebanon and Concord, come out in the snows of January to wait in lines that stretch block after block because they believe in what this country can be.

There is something happening. There's something happening when Americans who are young in age and in spirit, who've never participated in politics before, turn out in numbers we have never seen because they know in their hearts that this time must be different.

There's something happening when people vote not just for party that they belong to, but the hopes that they hold in common.

And whether we are rich or poor, black or white, Latino or Asian, whether we hail from Iowa or New Hampshire, Nevada or South Carolina, we are ready to take this country in a fundamentally new direction.

That's what's happening in America right now; change is what's happening in America.

You, all of you who are here tonight, all who put so much heart and soul and work into this campaign, you can be the new majority who can lead this nation out of a long political darkness.

Democrats, independents and Republicans who are tired of the division and distraction that has clouded Washington, who know that we can disagree without being disagreeable, who understand that, if we mobilize our voices to challenge the money and influence that stood in our way and challenge ourselves to reach for something better, there is no problem we cannot solve, there is no destiny that we cannot fulfill. Our new American majority can end the outrage of unaffordable, unavailable health care in our time. We can bring doctors and patients, workers and businesses, Democrats and Republicans together, and we can tell the drug and insurance industry that, while they get a seat at the table, they don't get to buy every chair, not this time, not now.

Our new majority can end the tax breaks for corporations that ship our jobs overseas and put a middle-class tax cut in the pockets of working Americans who deserve it.

We can stop sending our children to schools with corridors of shame and start putting them on a pathway to success.

We can stop talking about how great teachers are and start rewarding them for their greatness by giving them more pay and more support. We can do this with our new majority.

We can harness the ingenuity of farmers and scientists, citizens and entrepreneurs to free this nation from the tyranny of oil and save our planet from a point of no return.

And when I am President of the United States, we will end this war in Iraq and bring our troops home.

We will end this war in Iraq. We will bring our troops home. We will finish the job -- We will finish the job against Al Qaida in Afghanistan. We will care for our veterans. We will restore our moral standing in the world.

And we will never use 9/11 as a way to scare up votes, because it is not a tactic to win an election. It is a challenge that should unite America and the world against the common threats of the 21st century: terrorism and nuclear weapons, climate change and poverty, genocide and disease.

All of the candidates in this race share these goals. All of the candidates in this race have good ideas and all are patriots who serve this country honorably.

But the reason our campaign has always been different, the reason we began this improbable journey almost a year ago is because it's not just about what I will do as president. It is also about what you, the people who love this country, the citizens of the United States of America, can do to change it.

That's what this election is all about.

That's why tonight belongs to you. It belongs to the organizers, and the volunteers, and the staff who believed in this journey and rallied so many others to join the cause.

We know the battle ahead will be long. But always remember that, no matter what obstacles stand in our way, nothing can stand in the way of the power of millions of voices calling for change.

We have been told we cannot do this by a chorus of cynics. And they will only grow louder and more dissonant in the weeks and months to come.

We've been asked to pause for a reality check. We've been warned against offering the people of this nation false hope. But in the unlikely story that is America, there has never been anything false about hope.

For when we have faced down impossible odds, when we've been told we're not ready or that we shouldn't try or that we can't, generations of Americans have responded with a simple creed that sums up the spirit of a people:

Yes we can.

Yes we can.

Yes we can.

It was a creed written into the founding documents that declared the destiny of a nation: Yes, we can.

It was whispered by slaves and abolitionists as they blazed a trail towards freedom through the darkest of nights: Yes, we can.

It was sung by immigrants as they struck out from distant shores and pioneers who pushed westward against an unforgiving wilderness: Yes, we can.

It was the call of workers who organized, women who reached for the ballot, a President who chose the moon as our new frontier, and a king who took us to the mountaintop and pointed the way to the promised land: Yes, we can, to justice and equality.

Yes we can -- to opportunity and prosperity.

Yes we can heal this nation.

Yes we can repair this world.

Yes we can.

And so, tomorrow, as we take the campaign south and west, as we learn that the struggles of the textile workers in Spartanburg are not so different than the plight of the dishwasher in Las Vegas, that the hopes of the little girl who goes to the crumbling school in Dillon are the same as the dreams of the boy who learns on the streets of L.A., we will remember that there is something happening in America, that we are not as divided as our politics suggest, that we are one people, we are one nation.

And, together, we will begin the next great chapter in the American story, with three words that will ring from coast to coast, from sea to shining sea: Yes, we can.

Thank you, New Hampshire.

Thank you. Thank you.

Scripture tells us that when Joshua and the Israelites arrived at the gates of Jericho, they could not enter. The walls of the city were too steep for any one person to climb. They were too strong to be taken down by brute force. And so, the people sat for days, unable to pass on through; but God had a plan for His People. He told them to stand together and march together around the city, and on the seventh day he told them that when they heard the sound of the ram’s horn, they should speak with one voice. And, at the chosen hour when the horn sounded and a chorus of voices cried out together, the mighty walls of Jericho came tumbling down. That’s what scripture tells us.

And there are many lessons to take from this passage, just as there are many lessons to take from this day, just as there are many memories that fill the space of this church. As I was thinking about which ones we needed to remember at this hour, my mind went back to the very beginning of the modern Civil Rights era. Because before Memphis and the mountaintop, before the bridge in Selma and the march on Washington, before Birmingham and the beatings, the fire hoses, and the loss of those four little girls, before there was King the icon and his magnificent dream, there was King the young preacher and a people who found themselves suffering under the yolk of oppression. And on the eve of the bus boycotts in Montgomery, at a time when many were still doubtful about the possibilities of change, a time when there were those in the black community who not only mistrusted each other, but mistrusted themselves -- King inspired with words not of anger, but of an urgency, a fierce urgency that still speaks to us today. “Unity,” he said, “is the great need of the hour.” “Unity is the great need of the hour.” Unity is how we shall overcome.

What Dr. King understood is that if just one person chose to walk instead of ri[de] the bus, those walls of oppression would not be moved. But maybe if a few more decided to walk, those foundations might start to shake. If just a few women were willing to do what Rosa Parks had been willing to do, maybe the cracks in those walls would start to show. If teenagers took rides from North to South, maybe a few bricks would come loose. Maybe if white folks marched because they’d come to understand that their freedom was wrapped up in the freedom of others, that they too had a stake in the impending battle, the walls would begin to sway, and if enough Americans were awakened to injustice, if they joined together North and South, rich and poor, Jew and Gentile, then perhaps that wall would come tumbling down, and justice would flow like waters of righteousness, like a mighty stream. “Unity is the great need of the hour.” That’s what Dr. King said. It is the great need of this hour as well, not because it sounds pleasant, not because it makes us feel good, but because it's the only way we can overcome the essential deficit that exits in this country.

I’m not talking about the budget deficit. I’m not talking about the trade deficit. Talking about the moral deficit in this country. I’m talking about an empathy deficit, the inability to recognize ourselves in one another, to understand that we are our brother’s keeper and our sister’s keeper, that in the words of Dr. King, “We are all tied together in a single garment of destiny.” We have an empathy deficit when we’re still sending our children down corridors of shame, schools in the forgotten corners of America where the color of your skin still affects the content of your education. We have a deficit when CEOs are making more in ten minutes than ordinary workers are making in an entire year, when families lose their homes so unscrupulous lenders can make a profit, when mothers can’t afford a doctor when their children are stricken with illness. We have a deficit in this country when we have Scooter Libby justice for some and Jena justice for others, when our children see hanging nooses from a school yard tree today, in the present, in the 21st century. We have a deficit when homeless veterans sleep on the streets of our cities, when innocents are slaughtered in the deserts of Darfur, when young Americans serve tour after tour after tour after tour of duty in a war that should have never been authorized and should have never been waged. We have an empathy deficit in this country that has to be closed. We have a deficit when it takes a breach in the levees to reveal the breach in our compassion, when it takes a terrible storm to reveal the hungry that God calls on us to feed, the sick that He calls on us to care for, the least of these that He commands that we treat as our own. So, we have a deficit to close. We have walls, barriers to justice and equality that must come down, and to do this, we know that “unity is the great need of the hour.”

However, all too often, when we talk about unity in this country, we’ve come to believe that it can be purchased on the cheap. We’ve come to believe that racial reconciliation can come easily; that it’s just a matter of a few ignorant people trapped in the prejudices of the past, and that if the demagogues and those who would exploit our racial divisions will simply go away then all our problems will be solved. All too often, we seek to ignore the profound structural and institutional barriers that stand in the way of insuring opportunity for all of our children, or decent jobs for all of our people, or health care for those who are sick. We offer unity, but we are not willing to pay the price that's required 

Of course, true unity cannot be so easily purchased. It starts with a change in attitudes. It starts with changing our hearts, and changing our minds, broadening our spirit. It’s not easy to stand in somebody else’s shoes. It’s not easy to see past our own differences. We’ve all encountered this in our own lives. What makes it even more difficult is that we have a politics in this country that seeks to drive us apart, that puts up walls between us. We are told that those who differ from us on a few things, differ from us on all things, that our problems are the fault of those who don’t think like us or look like us or come from where we do. The Welfare Queen, she’s taking our money. The Immigrant, he’s taking our jobs. The believer condemns the nonbeliever as immoral, and the nonbeliever chides the believer for being intolerant.

And for most of this country’s history, we in the African-American community have been at the receiving end of man’s inhumanity to man. And all of us understand insidious -- All of us understand intimately the insidious role that race still sometimes plays on the job and in the schools, in our health care system, and in our criminal justice system.

And yet, if we are honest with ourselves, we must admit that none of our hands are entirely clean. If we’re honest with ourselves, we'll acknowledge that our own community has not always been true to King’s vision of a beloved community. If we’re honest with ourselves, we have to admit that there have been times when we've scorned our gay brothers and sisters instead of embracing them. The scourge of anti-Semitism has at times revealed itself in our community. For too long, some of us have seen immigrants only as competitors for jobs instead of companions in the fight for opportunity. Everyday our politics fuels and exploits this kind of division across all races and regions, across gender and party. It is played out on television; it is sensationalized by the media. Last week, it crept into the campaign for President with charges and countercharges that serve to obscure the issues instead of illuminating the critical choices we face as a nation. None of our hands are clean.

So let us say that on this day of all days, each of us carries with us the task of changing our hearts and minds. The divisions, the stereotypes, the scapegoating, the ease with which we blame the plight of ourselves on others -- all of that distracts us from the common challenges that we face, war and poverty, inequality and injustice. We can no longer afford to build ourselves up by tearing each other down. We can no longer afford to traffic in lies or fear or hate. It's the poison that we must purge from our politics, the wall that we must tear down before the hour grows too late. Because if Dr. King could love his jailer, if he could call on the faithful, who once sat where you do, to forgive those who had set dogs and fire hoses upon them, then surely we can look past what divides us in our time and bind up our wounds and erase the sympathy deficit that exists in our hearts.

But if changing our hearts and our minds is the first critical step, we cannot stop there. It’s not enough to bemoan the plight of the poor in this country and remain unwilling to push our elected officials to provide the resources to fix our schools. It's not enough to decry the disparities of health care and yet allow the insurance companies and the drug companies to block real reform in our health care system. It’s not enough -- It’s not enough for us to abhor the costs of a misguided war, and yet we continue to allow ourselves to be driven by a politics of fear that sees the threat of an attack as a way to scare up votes instead of a call to come together in a common effort.

Scripture tells us that we are judged not just by word but by deed. And if we are truly to bring about the unity that is needed, that is so crucial in this time, we have to find it within ourselves to act on what we know, to understand that living up to this country’s ideals and its possibilities is going to require great effort and great resources, sacrifice and stamina. We can’t pass a law called No Child Left Behind and then leave the money behind. That is not a serious effort in bringing about the unity that is needed. We can’t celebrate Dr. King’s dream, and yet still have insufficient funds to cash that promissory note that was promised at the beginning of this nation. That is what is at stake in this great debate we are having today. Changes that are needed are not just a matter of tinkering around the edges. They will not come if politicians simply tell us what we want to hear. All of us will be called upon to make some sacrifice. None of us will be exempt from responsibility. We've had to fight to fix our schools, but we also have to challenge ourselves to be better parents, and turn off the television set, and put away the video game, and our men have to be home with our children. That, too, is part of the challenge that we must make.

We will have to confront the biases in our criminal justice system, but we also have to acknowledge the deep-seeded violence that still resides in our own communities, in too many of the hearts of our young people, and we have to break the grip of that violence wherever we see it. That’s how we’re going to bring about the change that we seek. That’s how Dr. King led this country through the wilderness. He did it with words, words that he spoke not just to the children of slaves but the children of slave owners, words that inspired not just black but also white, not just Christian but also Jew and Muslim and Buddhists and Atheists, not just the southerner but also the northerner. He led with words, but he also led with deeds. He also led by example. He led by marching and going to jail and suffering threats and beatings and being away from his family. He led by taking a stand against a war knowing full well that it would diminish his popularity. He led by challenging our economic structures, understanding that it would cause discomfort. Dr. King understood that unity cannot be won on the cheap, that we would have to earn it through great effort and determination. That’s the unity, the hard earned unity that we need right now. That is the effort, the determination that can transform blind optimism into hope.

You know people have remarked on the fact that I talk about hope a lot in my campaign. You know they -- they tease me a little bit. Some have been scornful. They say, “Ah, he’s talking about hope again. He’s so idealistic. He’s so naïve. He’s a hope monger.” That’s okay. It’s true. I talk about hope. I talk about it a lot because the odds of me standing here today are so small, so remote that I couldn’t of gotten here without some hope. You know my -- my daddy left me when I was two years old. I needed some hope to get here. I was raised by a single mother. I needed some hope to get here. I got in trouble when I was a teenager, did some things folks now like to talk about. I needed some hope to get here. I wasn’t born into money, or great wealth, or great privilege, or status. I was given love, an education, and some hope. That’s what I got. That’s my birthright.

So I talk about hope. I -- I put “Hope” on my campaign signs. It doesn’t even have my name on them sometimes -- just says “Hope.” Folks don’t know who they’re voting for, but it makes them feel good. Say, you know, huh? I spoke about hope at the Democratic Convention. I -- I wrote a book called The Audacity of Hope. And so I -- so I’m puzzled when -- when some people, some of the other candidates make a mockery of the idea. They say I’m pedaling false hopes. "Get a reality check," they tell me. And I have to -- I have to try to understand what they're saying. The implication is is that if you are hopeful, that you somehow must be engaging in wishful thinking. Your -- Your head must be in the clouds; that you must be passive and just sit back and wait for things to happen to you. That seems to be the implication.

And so I have to explain to people that’s not what hope is. Hope is not blind optimism. Hope is not ignorance of the barriers and hurdles and hazards that stand in your way. Hope’s just the opposite. I know how hard it will be to provide health care to every single American. The insurance companies, drug companies, they don’t want to give up their profits. I know it won’t be easy to have a energy policy that makes sense for America because the oil companies like writing the energy bills. I know that alleviating poverty, or making sure all our children can learn, or eliminating the scourge of racism in our society -- none of those things lend themselves to simple solutions.

I know because I fought on the streets as a community organizer in poor neighborhoods on the Southside of Chicago alongside those without jobs or without prospects for the future. I have fought in the courts as a civil rights attorney for those who had been denied opportunity on the job or denied access to the ballot box. I’ve seen good legislation die because -- Well, I’ve seen that too -- I’ve seen good legislation die because good intentions weren’t enough, because they weren’t fortified with a political majority and political will. I’ve seen this country -- this country’s judgment clouded by fear. I know how easily a country can be misled when it is afraid. I know how hard it is. Everybody here understands how difficult it is to bring about true change, change that we can believe in. But I also know this -- that nothing in this country worthwhile has ever happened except somebody somewhere decided to hope.

That’s how this country was founded because a group of patriots decided they were going to take on the British Empire. Nobody was putting their money on them. That’s how slaves and abolitionists resisted that evil system. That’s how a new President was able to chart a course to insure that this nation would no longer remain half slave and half free. That’s how the greatest generation defeated Fascism and overcame a Great Depression. That’s how women won the right to vote. That’s how workers won the right to organize. That’s how young people and old people and middle-aged folks were willing to walk instead of ride the bus, and folks came down on Freedom Rides. They marched, and they sat in, and they were beaten and fire houses were sent on them, and dogs were sent on them, and some went to jail, and some died for freedom's cause. That’s what hope is. Imagining and then fighting for and struggling for and sometimes dying for what didn’t seem possible before. There’s nothing naïve about that. There are no false hopes in that.

I don’t believe in false hopes. Imagine if John F. Kennedy had looked up at the moon and said, "Well, that’s too far." False hopes, we can’t go there. If Dr. King had stood on the Lincoln Memorial and said, "Y’all go home; we can’t overcome." There’s no such thing as false hopes, but what I know deep in my heart is that we cannot bring about change unless we are unified, unless we do it together. Change does not happen from the top down -- in America or anywhere else. It happens from the bottom up. It happens because ordinary people dream extraordinary things. It’s because all of you decide that change must come. That I know.

It wasn’t just one voice -- It wasn't just one voice that shouted out before the walls of Jericho. All the voices came together, a chorus of voices. That’s what gives me hope: not just those who ascend to high office, but the changes that are happening in ordinary places. The stories that give me my hope don’t happen in the spotlight. When I think about Dr. King, I suspect he was sustained not by having dinner with Presidents; not by getting the Nobel Peace Prize; but coming back to church and seeing the mothers of the church and the deacons. Those who maintained their dignity were standing up straight in the face of injustice. That’s where he drew his hope. He saw God in their faces. Those stories don’t happen on a presidential stage; they happen in the quiet quarters of our lives. They happen in the moments we least expect. So, let me close by giving an example of one of those stories.

There is a young woman, 23 years old, white woman, named Ashley Baia, who organizes for our campaign in Florence, South Carolina. Ashley has been working to organize mostly black folks. She’s in Florence, South Carolina. She’s been doing it since the beginning of the campaign, and the other day she...set up a round table discussion where everyone around was telling their story about who they were and why they were there. And so, Ashley explained, she started things off, by explaining why she was there. And she explained that when she was nine years old her mother got cancer, and because she had to miss a day of work she was let go; and she lost her health care; and then she had to file for bankruptcy. They were on hard times, and that’s when Ashley, nine-years-old at the time, decided she had to do something to help her mom, and she knew that food was one of their most expensive costs. They didn’t have a lot of money. Ashley lived in a poor household.

And so Ashley convinced her mother that she really liked and really wanted to eat more than anything else mustard and relish sandwiches. She had heard that condiments like mustard and relish were cheap. And she -- she concocted in her own mind at the age of nine that she would convince her mother that that’s the only thing she wanted to eat everyday, because she figured that would be a way of saving money for the family and helping them alleviate their hardships. So she did this for a year until her mom got better. And in that round table she told everyone that the reason she joined our campaign was so that she could help millions of other children in the country who want and need to help their parents too. She had heard me speak about my mother having cancer and having to worry about maybe not getting the health care she needed because of a preexisting condition, and she had connected with that. She thought, maybe Barack would fight for my mother. And if he would fight for my mother, then maybe I will fight alongside him. That’s what had brought her to Florence.

So Ashley finishes her story and then goes around the room and asks everyone else why they’re supporting the campaign. They all have different stories and different reasons: some bring up specific issues; some talk about, upset about, affirmative action; some talk about, you know, "I want to see more jobs in the community"; some are frustrated about trade; some just like me.

So they all got a bunch of different reasons, and finally, at the end of this discussion, they come to this elderly black man. He’s been sitting there quiet the whole time, hasn’t been saying a word. And Ashley asks him why is he there. And he doesn’t bring up a specific issue. He does not say healthcare or the economy. He doesn’t talk about the Iraq War. He doesn’t say anything about education. He doesn’t say that he’s there because he likes Barack Obama, or he’s proud of the possibility of the first African American President. He simply says to everyone in the room, “I am here because of Ashley. I am here because of this young girl, and the fact that she's willing to fight for what she believes in. And that reminds me that I still have some fight left in me, and I’m going stand up for what I believe in.”

Now, by itself, that single moment of recognition between that young white girl and that old black man, that’s not enough to change a country. By itself, it’s not enough to give health care to the sick or jobs to the jobless or education to our children, but it is where we begin. It’s why I believe that the walls in that room began to shake at that moment. And if they can shake in that room, then they can shake here in Atlanta, and if they can shake in Atlanta, then they can shake in the state of Georgia, and if they can shake in Georgia, they can shake all across America. And if enough of our voices join together, if we see each other in each other’s eyes, we can bring those walls tumbling down. The walls of Jericho can finally come tumbling down.

That is our hope, but only if we pray together, if we work together, and if we march together. Ebenezer, we cannot walk alone. Brothers and sisters, we cannot walk alone. In the struggle for justice and for equality, we cannot walk alone. In the struggle for opportunity and justice, we cannot walk alone. In the struggle to heal this nation and repair the world, we cannot walk alone. So I ask you to walk with me and march with me and join your voices with mine, and together we will sing the song that tears down the walls that divide us and lift up an America that is truly indivisible with liberty and justice for all.

May God bless the memory of the great pastor of this church.

And may God bless the United States of America.

Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you, South Carolina.

Thank you to the rock of my life, Michelle Obama. Thank you to Malia and Sasha Obama, who haven't seen their daddy in a week. Thank you to Pete Skidmore for his outstanding service to our country and being such a great supporter of this campaign.

You know, over two weeks ago we saw the people of Iowa proclaim that our time for change has come. But there were those who doubted this country's desire for something new, who said Iowa was a fluke, not to be repeated again. Well, tonight the cynics who believed that what began in the snows of Iowa was just an illusion were told a different story by the good people of South Carolina.

After four great contests in every corner of this country, we have the most votes, the most delegates -- and the most diverse coalition of Americans that we've seen in a long, long time.

You can see it in the faces here tonight. There are young and old, rich and poor. They are black and white, Latino and Asian and Native American. They are Democrats from Des Moines and independents from Concord and, yes, some Republicans from rural Nevada. And we've got young people all across this country who've never had a reason to participate until now.

And in nine days, in nine short days, nearly half the nation will have the chance to join us in saying that we are tired of business as usual in Washington. We are hungry for change, and we are ready to believe again.

But if there's anything, though, that we've been reminded of since Iowa, it's that the kind of change we seek will not come easy. Now, partly because we have fine candidates in this field, fierce competitors who are worthy of our respect and our admiration -- and as contentious as this campaign may get, we have to remember that this is a contest for the Democratic nomination and that all of us share an abiding desire to end the disastrous policies of the current administration.

But there are real differences between the candidates. We are looking for more than just a change of party in the White House. We're looking to fundamentally change the status quo in Washington. It's a status quo that extends beyond any particular party. And right now that status quo is fighting back with everything it's got, with the same old tactics that divide and distract us from solving the problems people face, whether those problems are health care that folks can't afford or a mortgage they cannot pay.

So this will not be easy. Make no mistake about what we're up against. We're up against the belief that it's all right for lobbyists to dominate our government, that they are just part of the system in Washington. But we know that the undue influence of lobbyists is part of the problem, and this election is our chance to say that we are not going to let them stand in our way anymore.

We're up against the conventional thinking that says your ability to lead as president comes from longevity in Washington or proximity to the White House. But we know that real leadership is about candor and judgment and the ability to rally Americans from all walks of life around a common purpose, a higher purpose.

We're up against decades of bitter partisanship that cause politicians to demonize their opponents instead of coming together to make college affordable or energy cleaner. It's the kind of partisanship where you're not even allowed to say that a Republican had an idea, even if it's one you never agreed with. That's the kind of politics that is bad for our party. It is bad for our country. And this is our chance to end it once and for all.

We're up against the idea that it's acceptable to say anything and do anything to win an election. But we know that this is exactly what's wrong with our politics. This is why people don't believe what their leaders say anymore. This is why they tune out. And this election is our chance to give the American people a reason to believe again.

But let me say this, South Carolina. What we've seen in these last weeks is that we're also up against forces that are not the fault of any one campaign but feed the habits that prevent us from being who we want to be as a nation.

It's a politics that uses religion as a wedge and patriotism as a bludgeon, a politics that tells us that we have to think, act, and even vote within the confines of the categories that supposedly define us, the assumption that young people are apathetic, the assumption that Republicans won't cross over, the assumption that the wealthy care nothing for the poor and that the poor don't vote, the assumption that African-Americans can't support the white candidate, whites can't support the African-American candidate, blacks and Latinos cannot come together.

We are here tonight to say that that is not the America we believe in.

I did not travel around this state over the last year and see a white South Carolina or a black South Carolina. I saw South Carolina -- because in the end, we're not up just against the ingrained and destructive habits of Washington. We're also struggling with our own doubts, our own fears, our own cynicism. The change we seek has always required great struggle and great sacrifice. And so this is a battle in our own hearts and minds about what kind of country we want and how hard we're willing to work for it.

So let me remind you tonight that change will not be easy. Change will take time. There will be setbacks and false starts, and sometimes we'll make mistakes. But as hard as it may seem, we cannot lose hope, because there are people all across this great nation who are counting on us, who can't afford another four years without health care. They can't afford another four years without good schools. They can't afford another four years without decent wages because our leaders couldn't come together and get it done.

Theirs are the stories and voices we carry on from South Carolina -- the mother who can't get Medicaid to cover all the needs of her sick child. She needs us to pass a health care plan that cuts costs and makes health care available and affordable for every single American. That's what she's looking for.

The teacher who works another shift at Dunkin' Donuts after school just to make ends meet -- she needs us to reform our education system so that she gets better pay and more support and that students get the resources that they need to achieve their dreams.

The Maytag worker who's now competing with his own teenager for a $7-an-hour job at the local Wal-Mart because the factory he gave his life to shut its doors -- he needs us to stop giving tax breaks to companies that ship our jobs overseas and start putting them in the pockets of working Americans who deserve it -- and put them in the pockets of struggling homeowners who are having a tough time, and looking after seniors who should retire with dignity and respect.

That woman who told me that she hasn't been able to breathe since the day her nephew left for Iraq, or the soldier who doesn't know his child because he's on his third or fourth or even fifth tour of duty -- they need us to come together and put an end to a war that should have never been authorized and should have never been waged.

So understand this, South Carolina. The choice in this election is not between regions or religions or genders. It's not about rich versus poor, young versus old, and it is not about black versus white.

This election is about the past versus the future. It's about whether we settle for the same divisions and distractions and drama that passes for politics today or whether we reach for a politics of common sense and innovation, a politics of shared sacrifice and shared prosperity.

There are those who will continue to tell us that we can't do this, that we can't have what we're looking for, that we can't have what we want, that we're peddling false hopes. But here's what I know. I know that when people say we can't overcome all the big money and influence in Washington, I think of that elderly woman who sent me a contribution the other day, an envelope that had a money order for $3.01 -- along with a verse of Scripture tucked inside the envelope. So don't tell us change isn't possible. That woman knows change is possible.

When I hear the cynical talk that blacks and whites and Latinos can't join together and work together, I'm reminded of the Latino brothers and sisters I organized with and stood with and fought with side by side for jobs and justice on the streets of Chicago. So don't tell us change can't happen.

When I hear that we'll never overcome the racial divide in our politics, I think about that Republican woman who used to work for Strom Thurmond, who's now devoted to educating inner-city children, and who went out into the streets of South Carolina and knocked on doors for this campaign. Don't tell me we can't change.

Yes, we can. Yes, we can change. Yes, we can.

Yes, we can heal this nation. Yes, we can seize our future. And as we leave this great state with a new wind at our backs, and we take this journey across this great country, a country we love, with the message we've carried from the plains of Iowa to the hills of New Hampshire, from the Nevada desert to the South Carolina coast, the same message we had when we were up and when we were down, that out of many we are one, that while we breathe we will hope, and where we are met with cynicism and doubt and fear and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of the American people in three simple words: Yes, we can.

Thank you, South Carolina. I love you.

Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Let me begin by thanking Harris Wofford for his contributions to this country. In so many different ways, he exemplifies what we mean by the word "citizen." And so we are very grateful to him for all the work he has done; and I'm thankful for the gracious and thoughtful introduction.

"We the people, in order to form a more perfect union." Two hundred and twenty one years ago, in a hall that still stands across the street, a group of men gathered and, with these simple words, launched America's improbable experiment in democracy. Farmers and scholars, statesmen and patriots who had traveled across the ocean to escape tyranny and persecution finally made real their Declaration of Independence at a Philadelphia convention that lasted through the spring of 1787.

The document they produced was eventually signed, but ultimately unfinished. It was stained by this nation's original sin of slavery, a question that divided the colonies and brought the convention to a stalemate until the founders chose to allow the slave trade to continue for at least 20 more years, and to leave any final resolution to future generations. Of course, the answer to the slavery question was already embedded within our Constitution -- a Constitution that had at is very core the ideal of equal citizenship under the law; a Constitution that promised its people liberty and justice, and a union that could be and should be perfected over time.

And yet words on a parchment would not be enough to deliver slaves from bondage, or provide men and women of every color and creed their full rights and obligations as citizens of the United States. What would be needed were Americans in successive generations who were willing to do their part -- through protests and struggles, on the streets and in the courts, through a civil war and civil disobedience, and always at great risk -- to narrow that gap between the promise of our ideals and the reality of their time.

This was one of the tasks we set forth at the beginning of this presidential campaign: to continue the long march of those who came before us, a march for a more just, more equal, more free, more caring, and more prosperous America. I chose to run for President at this moment in history because I believe deeply that we cannot solve the challenges of our time unless we solve them together, unless we perfect our union by understanding that we may have different stories, but we hold common hopes; that we may not look the same and may not have come from the same place, but we all want to move in the same direction: towards a better future for our children and our grandchildren. And this belief comes from my unyielding faith in the decency and generosity of the American people. But it also comes from my own story.

I'm the son of a black man from Kenya and a white woman from Kansas. I was raised with the help of a white grandfather who survived a Depression to serve in Patton's army during World War II, and a white grandmother who worked on a bomber assembly line at Fort Leavenworth while he was overseas. I've gone to some of the best schools in America and I've lived in one of the world's poorest nations. I am married to a black American who carries within her the blood of slaves and slave owners, an inheritance we pass on to our two precious daughters. I have brothers, sisters, nieces, nephews, uncles, and cousins of every race and every hue scattered across three continents. And for as long as I live, I will never forget that in no other country on earth is my story even possible. It's a story that hasn't made me the most conventional of candidates. But it is a story that has seared into my genetic makeup the idea that this nation is more than the sum of its parts -- that out of many, we are truly one.

Now throughout the first year of this campaign, against all predictions to the contrary, we saw how hungry the American people were for this message of unity. Despite the temptation to view my candidacy through a purely racial lens, we won commanding victories in states with some of the whitest populations in the country. In South Carolina, where the Confederate flag still flies, we built a powerful coalition of African Americans and white Americans. This is not to say that race has not been an issue in this campaign. At various stages in the campaign, some commentators have deemed me either "too black" or "not black enough." We saw racial tensions bubble to the surface during the week before the South Carolina primary. The press has scoured every single exit poll for the latest evidence of racial polarization, not just in terms of white and black, but black and brown as well.

And yet, it's only been in the last couple of weeks that the discussion of race in this campaign has taken a particularly divisive turn. On one end of the spectrum, we've heard the implication that my candidacy is somehow an exercise in affirmative action; that it's based solely on the desire of wild and wide-eyed liberals to purchase racial reconciliation on the cheap. On the other end, we've heard my former pastor, Jeremiah Wright, use incendiary language to express views that have the potential not only to widen the racial divide, but views that denigrate both the greatness and the goodness of our nation and that rightly offend white and black alike.

Now I've already condemned, in unequivocal terms, the statements of Reverend Wright that have caused such controversy, and in some cases, pain. For some, nagging questions remain: Did I know him to be an occasionally fierce critic of American domestic and foreign policy? Of course. Did I ever hear him make remarks that could be considered controversial while I sat in the church? Yes. Did I strongly disagree with many of his political views? Absolutely, just as I'm sure many of you have heard remarks from your pastors, priests, or rabbis with which you strongly disagree.

But the remarks that have caused this recent firestorm weren't simply controversial. They weren't simply a religious leader's efforts to speak out against perceived injustice. Instead, they expressed a profoundly distorted view of this country, a view that sees white racism as endemic and that elevates what is wrong with America above all that we know is right with America; a view that sees the conflicts in the Middle East as rooted primarily in the actions of stalwart allies like Israel instead of emanating from the perverse and hateful ideologies of radical Islam.

As such, Reverend Wright's comments were not only wrong but divisive, divisive at a time when we need unity; racially charged at a time when we need to come together to solve a set of monumental problems: two wars, a terrorist threat, a falling economy, a chronic health care crisis, and potentially devastating climate change -- problems that are neither black or white or Latino or Asian, but rather problems that confront us all.

Given my background, my politics, and my professed values and ideals, there will no doubt be those for whom my statements of condemnation are not enough. Why associate myself with Reverend Wright in the first place, they may ask? Why not join another church? And I confess that if all that I knew of Reverend Wright were the snippets of those sermons that have run in an endless loop on the television sets and YouTube, if Trinity United Church of Christ conformed to the caricatures being peddled by some commentators, there is no doubt that I would react in much the same way.

But the truth is, that isn't all that I know of the man. The man I met more than twenty years ago is a man who helped introduce me to my Christian faith, a man who spoke to me about our obligations to love one another, to care for the sick and lift up the poor. He is a man who served his country as a United States Marine, and who has studied and lectured at some of the finest universities and seminaries in the country, and who over 30 years has led a church that serves the community by doing God's work here on Earth -- by housing the homeless, ministering to the needy, providing day care services and scholarships and prison ministries, and reaching out to those suffering from HIV/AIDS.

In my first book, Dreams From My Father, I described the experience of my first service at Trinity, and it goes as follows:

People began to shout, to rise from their seats and clap and cry out, a forceful wind carrying the reverend's voice up to the rafters.

And in that single note -- hope -- I heard something else; at the foot of that cross, inside the thousands of churches across the city, I imagined the stories of ordinary black people merging with the stories of David and Goliath, Moses and Pharaoh, the Christians in the lion's den, Ezekiel's field of dry bones.

Those stories of survival and freedom and hope became our stories, my story. The blood that spilled was our blood; the tears our tears; until this black church, on this bright day, seemed once more a vessel carrying the story of a people into future generations and into a larger world. Our trials and triumphs became at once unique and universal, black and more than black. In chronicling our journey, the stories and songs gave us a meaning to reclaim memories that we didn't need to feel shame about -- memories that all people might study and cherish and with which we could start to rebuild.

That has been my experience at Trinity. Like other predominantly black churches across the country, Trinity embodies the black community in its entirety -- the doctor and the welfare mom, the model student and the former gang-banger. Like other black churches, Trinity's services are full of raucous laughter and sometimes bawdy humor. They are full of dancing and clapping and screaming and shouting that may seem jarring to the untrained ear. The church contains in full the kindness and cruelty, the fierce intelligence and the shocking ignorance, the struggles and successes, the love and, yes, the bitterness and biases that make up the black experience in America.

And this helps explain, perhaps, my relationship with Reverend Wright. As imperfect as he may be, he has been like family to me. He strengthens my faith, officiated my wedding, and baptized my children. Not once in my conversations with him have I heard him talk about any ethnic group in derogatory terms or treat whites with whom he interacted with anything but courtesy and respect. He contains within him the contradictions -- the good and the bad -- of the community that he has served diligently for so many years.

I can no more disown him than I can disown the black community. I can no more disown him than I can disown my white grandmother, a woman who helped raise me, a woman who sacrificed again and again for me, a woman who loves me as much as she loves anything in this world, but a woman who once confessed her fear of black men who passed her by on the street, and who on more than one occasion has uttered racial or ethnic stereotypes that made me cringe.

These people are part of me. And they are part of America, this country that I love.

Now, some will see this as an attempt to justify or excuse comments that are simply inexcusable. I can assure you it is not. And I suppose the politically safe thing to do would be to move on from this episode and just hope that it fades into the woodwork. We can dismiss Reverend Wright as a crank or a demagogue, just as some have dismissed Geraldine Ferraro in the aftermath of her recent statements as harboring some deep -- deep-seated bias.

But race is an issue that I believe this nation cannot afford to ignore right now. We would be making the same mistake that Reverend Wright made in his offending sermons about America: to simplify and stereotype and amplify the negative to the point that it distorts reality. The fact is that the comments that have been made and the issues that have surfaced over the last few weeks reflect the complexities of race in this country that we've never really worked through, a part of our union that we have not yet made perfect. And if we walk away now, if we simply retreat into our respective corners, we will never be able to come together and solve challenges like health care or education or the need to find good jobs for every American.

Understanding -- Understanding this reality requires a reminder of how we arrived at this point. As William Faulkner once wrote, "The past isn't dead and buried. In fact, it isn't even past." We do not need to recite here the history of racial injustice in this country. But we do need to remind ourselves that so many of the disparities that exist between the African-American community and the larger American community today can be traced directly to inequalities passed on from an earlier generation that suffered under the brutal legacy of slavery and Jim Crow. Segregated schools were, and are, inferior schools. We still haven't fixed them, 50 years after Brown versus Board of Education. And the inferior education they provided, then and now, helps explain the pervasive achievement gap between today's black and white students.

Legalized discrimination, where blacks were prevented, often through violence, from owning property, or loans were not granted to African-American business owners, or black homeowners could not access FHA mortgages, or blacks were excluded from unions, or the police force, or the fire department meant that black families could not amass any meaningful wealth to bequeath to future generations. That history helps explain the wealth and income gap between blacks and whites and the concentrated pockets of poverty that persist in so many of today's urban and rural communities. A lack of economic opportunity among black men and the shame and frustration that came from not being able to provide for one's family contributed to the erosion of black families, a problem that welfare policies for many years may have worsened. And the lack of basic services in so many urban black neighborhoods -- parks for kids to play in, police walking the beat, regular garbage pick-up, building code enforcement -- all helped create a cycle of violence, blight, and neglect that continues to haunt us.

This is the reality in which Reverend Wright and other African-Americans of his generation grew up. They came of age in the late '50s and early '60s, a time when segregation was still the law of the land and opportunity was systematically constricted. What's remarkable is not how many failed in the face of discrimination, but how many men and women overcame the odds, how many were able to make a way out of no way for those like me who would come after them.

But for all those who scratched and clawed their way to get a piece of the American Dream, there were many who didn't make it -- those who were ultimately defeated, in one way or another, by discrimination. That legacy of defeat was passed on to future generations -- those young men and increasingly young women who we see standing on street corners or languishing in our prisons, without hope or prospects for the future. Even for those blacks who did make it, questions of race, and racism, continue to define their world view in fundamental ways. For the men and women of Reverend Wright's generation, the memories of humiliation and doubt and fear have not gone away, nor has the anger and the bitterness of those years.

That anger may not get expressed in public, in front of white co-workers or white friends, but it does find voice in the barbershop or the beauty shop or around the kitchen table. At times, that anger is exploited by politicians to gin up votes along racial lines or to make up for a politician's own failings. And occasionally it finds voice in the church on Sunday morning, in the pulpit and in the pews. The fact that so many people are surprised to hear that anger in some of Reverend Wright's sermons simply reminds us of that old truism that the most segregated hour of American life occurs on Sunday morning.

That -- That anger is not always productive. Indeed, all too often it distracts attention from solving real problems. It keeps us from squarely facing our own complicity within the African-American community in our own condition. It prevents the African-American community from forging the alliances it needs to bring about real change. But the anger is real; it is powerful, and to simply wish it away, to condemn it without understanding its roots only serves to widen the chasm of misunderstanding that exists between the races.

In fact, a similar anger exists within segments of the white community. Most working and middle-class white Americans don't feel that they've been particularly privileged by their race. Their experience is the immigrant experience. As far as they're concerned, no one handed them anything; they built it from scratch. They've worked hard all their lives, many times only to see their jobs shipped overseas or their pensions dumped after a lifetime of labor. They are anxious about their futures, and they feel their dreams slipping away. And in an era of stagnant wages and global competition, opportunity comes to be seen as a zero sum game, in which your dreams come at my expense. So when they are told to bus their children to a school across town, when they hear that an African American is getting an advantage in landing a good job or a spot in a good college because of an injustice that they themselves never committed, when they're told that their fears about crime in urban neighborhoods are somehow prejudice, resentment builds over time.

Like the anger within the black community, these resentments aren't always expressed in polite company. But they have helped shape the political landscape for at least a generation. Anger over welfare and affirmative action helped forge the Reagan Coalition. Politicians routinely exploited fears of crime for their own electoral ends. Talk show hosts and conservative commentators built entire careers unmasking bogus claims of racism while dismissing legitimate discussions of racial injustice and inequality as mere political correctness or reverse racism. And just as black anger often proved counterproductive, so have these white resentments distracted attention from the real culprits of the middle class squeeze: a corporate culture rife with inside dealing, questionable accounting practices, and short-term greed; a Washington dominated by lobbyists and special interests; economic policies that favor the few over the many. And yet, to wish away the resentments of white Americans, to label them as misguided or even racist without recognizing they are grounded in legitimate concerns, this, too, widens the racial divide and blocks the path to understanding.

This is where we are right now.

It's a racial stalemate we've been stuck in for years. And contrary to the claims of some of my critics, black and white, I have never been so naive as to believe that we can get beyond our racial divisions in a single election cycle or with a single candidate, particularly -- particularly a candidacy as imperfect as my own. But I have asserted a firm conviction, a conviction rooted in my faith in God and my faith in the American people, that, working together, we can move beyond some of our old racial wounds and that, in fact, we have no choice -- we have no choice if we are to continue on the path of a more perfect union.

For the African-American community, that path means embracing the burdens of our past without becoming victims of our past. It means continuing to insist on a full measure of justice in every aspect of American life. But it also means binding our particular grievances, for better health care and better schools and better jobs, to the larger aspirations of all Americans -- the white woman struggling to break the glass ceiling, the white man who's been laid off, the immigrant trying to feed his family. And it means also taking full responsibility for our own lives -- by demanding more from our fathers, and spending more time with our children, and reading to them, and teaching them that while they may face challenges and discrimination in their own lives, they must never succumb to despair or cynicism. They must always believe -- They must always believe that they can write their own destiny.

Ironically, this quintessentially American -- and, yes, conservative -- notion of self-help found frequent expression in Reverend Wright's sermons. But what my former pastor too often failed to understand is that embarking on a program of self-help also requires a belief that society can change. The profound mistake of Reverend Wright's sermons is not that he spoke about racism in our society. It's that he spoke as if our society was static, as if no progress had been made, as if this country -- a country that has made it possible for one of his own members to run for the highest office in the land and build a coalition of white and black, Latino, Asian, rich, poor, young and old -- is still irrevocably bound to a tragic past. What we know, what we have seen, is that America can change. That is true genius of this nation. What we have already achieved gives us hope -- the audacity to hope -- for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.

Now, in the white community, the path to a more perfect union means acknowledging that what ails the African-American community does not just exist in the minds of black people; that the legacy of discrimination -- and current incidents of discrimination, while less overt than in the past -- that these things are real and must be addressed. Not just with words, but with deeds -- by investing in our schools and our communities; by enforcing our civil rights laws and ensuring fairness in our criminal justice system; by providing this generation with ladders of opportunity that were unavailable for previous generations. It requires all Americans to realize that your dreams do not have to come at the expense of my dreams, that investing in the health, welfare, and education of black and brown and white children will ultimately help all of America prosper.

In the end, then, what is called for is nothing more and nothing less than what all the world's great religions demand: that we do unto others as we would have them do unto us. Let us be our brother's keeper, Scripture tells us. Let us be our sister's keeper. Let us find that common stake we all have in one another, and let our politics reflect that spirit as well.

For we have a choice in this country. We can accept a politics that breeds division and conflict and cynicism. We can tackle race only as spectacle, as we did in the O.J. trial; or in the wake of tragedy, as we did in the aftermath of Katrina; or as fodder for the nightly news. We can play Reverend Wright's sermons on every channel every day and talk about them from now until the election, and make the only question in this campaign whether or not the American people think that I somehow believe or sympathize with his most offensive words. We can pounce on some gaffe by a Hillary supporter as evidence that she's playing the race card; or we can speculate on whether white men will all flock to John McCain in the general election regardless of his policies. We can do that. But if we do, I can tell you that in the next election, we'll be talking about some other distraction, and then another one, and then another one. And nothing will change.

That is one option.

Or, at this moment, in this election, we can come together and say, "Not this time." This time we want to talk about the crumbling schools that are stealing the future of black children and white children and Asian children and Hispanic children and Native-American children. This time we want to reject the cynicism that tells us that these kids can't learn; that those kids who don't look like us are somebody else's problem. The children of America are not "those kids," -- they are our kids, and we will not let them fall behind in a 21st-century economy. Not this time. This time we want to talk about how the lines in the emergency room are filled with whites and blacks and Hispanics who do not have health care, who don't have the power on their own to overcome the special interests in Washington, but who can take them on if we do it together.

This time we want to talk about the shuttered mills that once provided a decent life for men and women of every race, and the homes for sale that once belonged to Americans from every religion, every region, every walk of life. This time we want to talk about the fact that the real problem is not that someone who doesn't look like you might take your job; it's that the corporation you work for will ship it overseas for nothing more than a profit. This time -- This time we want to talk about the men and women of every color and creed who serve together, and fight together, and bleed together under the same proud flag. We want to talk about how to bring them home from a war that should've never been authorized and should've never been waged. And we want to talk about how we'll show our patriotism by caring for them, and their families, and giving them the benefits that they have earned.

I would not be running for President if I didn't believe with all my heart that this is what the vast majority of Americans want for this country. This union may never be perfect, but generation after generation has shown that it can always be perfected. And today, whenever I find myself feeling doubtful or cynical about this possibility, what gives me the most hope is the next generation -- the young people whose attitudes and beliefs and openness to change have already made history in this election.

There's one story in particular that I'd like to leave you with today, a story I told when I had the great honor of speaking on Dr. King's birthday at his home church, Ebenezer Baptist, in Atlanta. There's a young, 23-year-old woman, a white woman named Ashley Baia, who organized for our campaign in Florence, South Carolina. She'd been working to organize a mostly African-American community since the beginning of this campaign, and one day she was at a roundtable discussion where everyone went around telling their story and why they were there. And Ashley said that when she was 9 years old, her mother got cancer. And because she had to miss days of work, she was let go and lost her health care. They had to file for bankruptcy, and that's when Ashley decided that she had to do something to help her mom.

She knew that food was one of their most expensive costs, and so Ashley convinced her mother that what she really liked and really wanted to eat more than anything else was mustard and relish sandwiches -- because that was the cheapest way to eat. That's the mind of a 9 year old. She did this for a year until her mom got better. And so Ashley told everyone at the roundtable that the reason she had joined our campaign was so that she could help the millions of other children in the country who want and need to help their parents too.

Now, Ashley might have made a different choice. Perhaps somebody told her along the way that the source of her mother's problems were blacks who were on welfare and too lazy to work, or Hispanics who were coming into the country illegally. But she didn't. She sought out allies in her fight against injustice.

Anyway, Ashley finishes her story and then goes around the room and asks everyone else why they're supporting the campaign. They all have different stories and different reasons. Many bring up a specific issue. And finally they come to this elderly black man who's been sitting there quietly the entire time. And Ashley asks him why he's there. And he doesn't bring up a specific issue. He does not say health care or the economy. He does not say education or the war. He does not say that he was there because of Barack Obama. He simply says to everyone in the room, "I am here because of Ashley." "I'm here because of Ashley."

Now, by itself, that single moment of recognition between that young white girl and that old black man is not enough. It is not enough to give health care to the sick, or jobs to the jobless, or education to our children. But it is where we start. It is where our union grows stronger. And as so many generations have come to realize over the course of the 221 years since a band of patriots signed that document right here in Philadelphia, that is where perfection begins.

Thank you very much, everyone. Thank you.

Thank you....Thank you. What a -- What a wonderful reception. Thank you, Saint Paul. Thank you, Minnesota.

Thank you, JoAnn Syverson, for the wonderful introduction.

Thank you, Michelle Obama and Malia Obama and Sasha Obama. Thank you to my brothers and sisters. Thank you to -- Thank you to my staff. Thank you to our volunteers. Thank you to my political team. Thank you to our campaign manager, David Plouffe, who never gets any credit, but has built the best political organization in the country.

Thank you to my grandmother, who helped raise me, and is sitting in Hawaii somewhere right now because she can't travel, but who poured everything she had into me, and who helped to make me the man I am today. Tonight is for her.

Tonight, Minnesota, after 54 hard-fought contests, our primary season has finally come to an end. Sixteen -- Sixteen months have passed since we first stood together on the steps of the Old State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois. Thousands of miles have been traveled; millions of voices have been heard.

And because of what you said, because you decided that change must come to Washington, because you believed that this year must be different than all the rest, because -- because you chose to listen not to your doubts or your fears, but to your greatest hopes and highest aspirations, tonight we mark the end of one historic journey with the beginning of another, a journey -- a journey that will bring a new and better day to America.

Because of you, tonight I can stand here and say that I will be the Democratic nominee for the President of the United States of America.

I want to -- I want to thank -- I want to thank -- I want to thank all those in Montana and South Dakota who stood up for change today. I want to thank every American who stood with us over the course of this campaign, through the good days and the bad, from the snows of Cedar Rapids to the sunshine of Sioux Falls.

And, tonight, I also want to thank the men and woman who took this journey with me as fellow candidates for President. You know, at this defining moment -- At this defining moment for our nation, we should be proud that our Party put forth one of the most talented, qualified field of individuals ever to run for office. I have not just competed with them as rivals. I’ve learned from them as friends, as public servants, and as patriots who love America and are willing to work tirelessly to make this country better. They are leaders of this Party and leaders that America will turn to for years to come.

And that is particularly true for the candidate who has traveled further on this journey than anyone else: Senator Hillary Clinton has made history in this campaign. She has made history not -- not just because she’s a woman who has done what no woman has done before, but because she is a leader who inspires millions of Americans with her strength, her courage, and her commitment to the causes that brought us here tonight. I congratulate her on her victory in South Dakota, and I congratulate her on the race that she has run throughout this contest.

We’ve certainly had our differences over the last 16 months. But as someone who’s shared a stage with her many times, I can tell you that what gets Hillary Clinton up in the morning -- even in the face of tough odds -- is exactly what sent her and Bill Clinton to sign up for their first campaign in Texas all those years ago, what sent her to work at the Children’s Defense Fund and made her fight for health care as first lady, what led her to the United States Senate and fueled her barrier-breaking campaign for the presidency: an unyielding desire to improve the lives of ordinary Americans, no matter how difficult the fight may be.

And you can rest assured that when we finally win the battle for universal health care in this country -- and we will win that fight -- she will be central to that victory. When we transform our energy policy and lift our children out of poverty, it will be because she worked to help make it happen. Our Party and our country are better off because of her, and I am a better candidate for having had the honor to compete with Hillary Rodham Clinton.

There are those who say that this primary has somehow left us weaker and more divided. Well, I say that, because of this primary, there are millions of Americans who've cast their ballot for the very first time. There are -- There are Independents and Republicans who understand this election isn’t just about a change of Party in Washington, but also about the need to change Washington. There are -- There are young people, and African-Americans, and Hispanic-Americans, and women of all ages who have voted in numbers that have broken records and inspired a nation.

All of you chose to support a candidate you believe in deeply. But at the end of the day, we aren’t the reason you came out and waited in lines that stretched block after block to make your voice heard. You didn’t do that -- You didn’t do that because of me or Senator Clinton or anyone else. You did it because you know in your hearts that at this moment, a moment that will define a generation, we cannot afford to keep doing what we’ve been doing. We owe our children a better future. We owe our country a better future. And for all those who dream of that future tonight, I say: Let us begin the work together. Let us unite in common effort to chart a new course for America.

In just -- In just a few short months, the Republican Party will arrive in St. Paul with a very different agenda. They will -- They will come here to nominate John McCain, a man who has served this country heroically. I honor, we honor the service of John McCain, and I respect his many accomplishments, even if he chooses to deny mine. My -- My differences with him -- My differences with him are not personal. They are with the policies he has proposed in this campaign, because while John McCain can legitimately tout moments of independence from his Party in the past, such independence has not been the hallmark of his presidential campaign.

It’s not change when John McCain decided to stand with George Bush 95 percent of the time, as he did in the Senate last year.

It’s not change when he offers four more years of Bush economic policies that have failed to create well-paying jobs, or insure our workers, or help Americans afford the skyrocketing cost of college, policies that have lowered the real incomes of the average American family, and widened the gap between Wall Street and Main Street, and left our children with a mountain of debt.

It’s not change when he promises to continue a policy in Iraq that asks everything of our brave men and women in uniform and nothing of Iraqi politicians, a policy where all we look for are reasons to stay in Iraq, while we spend billions of dollars a month on a war that isn’t making the American people any safer. So -- So, I’ll say this: There are many words to describe John McCain’s attempt to pass off his embrace of George Bush’s policies as bipartisan and new, but “change” is not one of them. “Change” is not one of them, because change is a foreign policy that doesn’t begin and end with a war that should’ve never been authorized and never been waged.

I won’t stand here and pretend that there are many good options left in Iraq, but what’s not an option is leaving our troops in that country for the next hundred years, especially at a time when our military is overstretched, our nation is isolated, and nearly every other threat to America is being ignored. We -- We must be -- We must be as careful getting out of Iraq as we were careless getting in, but we -- but start leaving we must. It’s time for Iraqis to take responsibility for their future. It’s time to rebuild our military and give our veterans the care and the benefits they deserve when they come home.

It’s time -- It's time to refocus our efforts on Al Qaida’s leadership and Afghanistan, and rally the world against the common threats of the 21st century: terrorism and nuclear weapons, climate change and poverty, genocide and disease. That’s what change is.

Change -- Change, Minnesota, is realizing that meetings [sic] today’s threats requires not just our firepower, but the power of our diplomacy: tough -- tough, direct diplomacy, where the President of the United States isn’t afraid to let any petty dictator know where America stands and what we stand for. We must once again have the courage and the conviction to lead the free world. That is the legacy of Roosevelt and Truman and Kennedy. That’s what the American people demand. That’s what change is.

Change is building an economy that rewards not just wealth, but the work and the workers who created it. It’s understanding that the struggles facing working families can’t be solved by spending billions of dollars on more tax breaks for big corporations and wealthy CEOs, but by giving a middle-class tax break to those who need it, and investing in our crumbling infrastructure, and transforming how we use energy, and improving our schools, and renewing our commitment to science and innovation. It’s understanding that fiscal responsibility and shared prosperity can go hand-in-hand, as they did when Bill Clinton was President.

John McCain has spent a lot of time talking about trips to Iraq in the last few weeks, but maybe if he spent some time taking trips to the cities and towns that have been hardest hit by this economy -- cities in Michigan, and Ohio, and right here in Minnesota -- he’d understand the kind of change that people are looking for.

Maybe if he went to Iowa and met the student who works the night shift after a full day of class and still can’t pay the medical bills for a sister who’s ill, he’d understand she can’t afford four more years of a health care plan that only takes care of the healthy and the wealthy. She needs us to pass health care right now, a plan that guarantees insurance to every American who wants it and brings down premiums for every family who needs it. That’s the change we need, Minnesota.

Maybe -- Maybe if John McCain went to Pennsylvania and he met the man who lost his job, but can’t even afford the gas to drive around and look for a new one, he’d understand we can’t afford four more years of our addiction to oil from dictators. That man needs us to pass an energy policy that works with automakers to raise fuel standards, and makes corporations pay for their pollution, and oil companies invest their record profits in a clean energy future, an energy policy that will create millions of new jobs that pay well and can’t be outsourced. That’s the change we need, Minnesota.

And maybe if John McCain spent some time in the schools of South Carolina or St. Paul, Minnesota, or where he spoke tonight in New Orleans, Louisiana, he’d understand that we can’t afford to leave the money behind for No Child Left Behind; that we owe it to our children to invest in early-childhood education; and recruit an army of new teachers and give them better pay and more support; and finally decide that, in this global economy, the chance to get a college education should not be a privilege for the few, but a birthright of every American. That’s the change we need in America. That’s why I’m running for President of the United States.

Now -- Now, the other side will come here in September and offer a very different set of policies and positions, and that is a good thing. That is a debate I look forward to. It is a debate that the American people deserve on the issues that will help determine the future of this country and the future for our children. But what you don’t deserve is another election that’s governed by fear, and innuendo, and division. What you won’t hear from this campaign or this Party is the kind of politics that uses religion as a wedge and patriotism as a bludgeon. What you won’t see from this campaign or this Party is a politics that sees our opponents not as competitors to challenge, but enemies to polarize, because we may call ourselves Democrats and Republicans, but we are Americans first. We are always Americans first.

Despite -- Despite what the good senator from Arizona may have said tonight, I’ve seen people of differing views and opinions find common cause many times during my two decades in public life, and I’ve brought many together myself. I’ve walked arm-in-arm with community leaders on the south side of Chicago and watched tensions fade as black and white and Latino fought together for good jobs and good schools. I’ve sat across the table from law enforcement officials and civil rights advocates to reform a criminal justice system that sent 13 innocent people to death row. I’ve worked with friends in the other Party to provide more children with health insurance and more working families with a tax break, to curb the spread of nuclear weapons and ensure that the American people know where their tax dollars are being spent, and to reduce the influence of lobbyists who have all too often set the agenda in Washington.

In our country -- In our country, I have found that this cooperation happens not because we agree on everything, but because, behind all the false labels and false divisions and categories that define us, beyond all the petty bickering and point-scoring in Washington, Americans are a decent, generous, compassionate people, united by common challenges and common hopes.

And every so often, there are moments which call on that fundamental goodness to make this country great again. So it was for that band of patriots who declared in a Philadelphia hall the formation of a more perfect union, and for all those who gave on the fields of Gettysburg and Antietam their last full measure of devotion to save that same union. So it was for the greatest generation that conquered fear itself, and liberated a continent from tyranny, and made this country home to untold opportunity and prosperity. So it was for the workers who stood out on the picket lines, the women who shattered glass ceilings, the children who braved a Selma bridge for freedom’s cause. So it has been for every generation that faced down the greatest challenges and the most improbable odds to leave their children a world that’s better and kinder and more just.

And so it must be for us.

America, this is our moment. This is our time, our time to turn the page on the policies of the past, our time to bring new energy and new ideas to the challenges we face, our time to offer a new direction for this country that we love.

The journey will be difficult. The road will be long. I face this challenge -- I face this challenge with profound humility and knowledge of my own limitations, but I also face it with limitless faith in the capacity of the American people.

Because if we are willing to work for it, and fight for it, and believe in it, then I am absolutely certain that, generations from now, we will be able to look back and tell our children that this was the moment when we began to provide care for the sick and good jobs to the jobless.

This was the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal.

This was the moment when we ended a war, and secured our nation, and restored our image as the last, best hope on Earth.

This was the moment, this was the time when we came together to remake this great nation so that it may always reflect our very best selves and our highest ideals.

Thank you, Minnesota. God bless you.

God bless the United States of America.

Thank you very much, everybody, and I very much appreciate your patience. I want to, first of all, thank Ambassador Gildenhorn for the outstanding work he does as board chairman here at the Woodrow Wilson Center, and to my great friend Lee Hamilton, who is, I think, an example of what's best in American public service, and has done so much to not only promote American interests all across the globe but also to educate the American people on our foreign policy. So, thank you very much.

Sixty-one years ago, George Marshal announced the plan that would come to bear his name. Much of Europe lay in ruins. The United States faced a powerful and ideological enemy intent on world domination. This menace was magnified by the recently discovered capability to destroy life on an unimaginable scale. The Soviet Union didn't yet have an atomic bomb, but before long it would.

The challenge facing the greatest generation of Americans -- the generation that had vanquished fascism on the battlefield -- was how to contain this threat while extending freedom's frontiers. Leaders like Truman and Acheson, Kennan and Marshall, knew that there was no single decisive blow that could be struck for freedom. We needed a new overarching strategy to meet the challenges of a new and dangerous world.

Such a strategy would join overwhelming military strength with sound judgment. It would shape events not just through military force, but through the force of our ideas; through economic power, intelligence and diplomacy. It would support strong allies that freely shared our ideals of liberty and democracy; open markets and the rule of law. It would foster new international institutions like the United Nations, NATO, and the World Bank, and focus on every corner of the globe. It was a strategy that saw clearly the world's dangers, while seizing its promise.

As a general, Marshall had spent years helping FDR wage war. But the Marshall Plan -- which was just one part of this strategy -- helped rebuild not just allies, but also the nation that Marshall had plotted to defeat. In the speech announcing his plan, he concluded not with tough talk or definitive declarations -- but rather with questions and a call for perspective. "The whole world of the future," Marshall said, "hangs on a proper judgment." To make that judgment, he asked the American people to examine distant events that directly affected their security and prosperity. He closed by asking: "What is needed? What can best be done? What must be done?"

What is needed? What can best be done? What must be done?

Today's dangers are different, though no less grave. The power to destroy life on a catastrophic scale now risks falling into the hands of terrorists. The future of our security -- and our planet -- is held hostage to our dependence on foreign oil and gas. From the cave- spotted mountains of northwest Pakistan, to the centrifuges spinning beneath Iranian soil, we know that the American people cannot be protected by oceans or the sheer might of our military alone.

The attacks of September 11 brought this new reality into a terrible and ominous focus. On that bright and beautiful day, the world of peace and prosperity that was the legacy of our Cold War victory seemed to suddenly vanish under rubble, and twisted steel, and clouds of smoke.

But the depth of this tragedy also drew out the decency and determination of our nation. At blood banks and vigils; in schools and in the United States Congress, Americans were united -- more united, even, than we were at the dawn of the Cold War. The world, too, was united against the perpetrators of this evil act, as old allies, new friends, and even long-time adversaries stood by our side. It was time -- once again -- for America's might and moral suasion to be harnessed; it was time to once again shape a new security strategy for an ever-changing world.

Imagine, for a moment, what we could have done in those days, and months, and years after 9/11.

We could have deployed the full force of American power to hunt down and destroy Osama bin Laden, Al Qaida, the Taliban, and all of the terrorists responsible for 9/11, while supporting real security in Afghanistan.

We could have secured loose nuclear materials around the world, and updated a 20th century non-proliferation framework to meet the challenges of the 21st.

We could have invested hundreds of billions of dollars in alternative sources of energy to grow our economy, save our planet, and end the tyranny of oil.

We could have strengthened old alliances, formed new partnerships, and renewed international institutions to advance peace and prosperity.

We could have called on a new generation to step into the strong currents of history, and to serve their country as troops and teachers, Peace Corps volunteers and police officers.

We could have secured our homeland -- investing in sophisticated new protection for our ports, our trains and our power plants.

We could have rebuilt our roads and bridges, laid down new rail and broadband and electricity systems, and made college affordable for every American to strengthen our ability to compete.

We could have done that.

Instead, we have lost thousands of American lives, spent nearly a trillion dollars, alienated allies and neglected emerging threats -- all in the cause of fighting a war for well over five years in a country that had absolutely nothing to do with the 9/11 attacks.

Our men and women in uniform have accomplished every mission we have given them. What's missing in our debate about Iraq -- what has been missing since before the war began -- is a discussion of the strategic consequences of Iraq and its dominance of our foreign policy. This war distracts us from every threat that we face and so many opportunities we could seize. This war diminishes our security, our standing in the world, our military, our economy, and the resources that we need to confront the challenges of the 21st century. By any measure, our single-minded and open-ended focus on Iraq is not a sound strategy for keeping America safe.

I am running for President of the United States to lead this country in a new direction -- to seize this moment's promise. Instead of being distracted from the most pressing threats that we face, I want to overcome them. Instead of pushing the entire burden of our foreign policy on to the brave men and women of our military, I want to use all elements of American power to keep us safe, and prosperous, and free. Instead of alienating ourselves from the world, I want America -- once again -- to lead.

As President, I will pursue a tough, smart and principled national security strategy -- one that recognizes that we have interests not just in Baghdad, but in Kandahar and Karachi, in Tokyo and London, in Beijing and Berlin. I will focus this strategy on five goals essential to making America safer: ending the war in Iraq responsibly; finishing the fight against Al Qaida and the Taliban; securing all nuclear weapons and materials from terrorists and rogue states; achieving true energy security; and rebuilding our alliances to meet the challenges of the 21st century.

My opponent in this campaign has served this country with honor, and we all respect his sacrifice. We both want to do what we think is best to defend the American people. But we've made different judgments, and would lead in very different directions. That starts with Iraq.

I opposed going to war in Iraq; Senator McCain was one of Washington's biggest supporters for war. I warned that the invasion of a country posing no imminent threat would fan the flames of extremism, and distract us from the fight against Al Qaida and the Taliban; Senator McCain claimed that we would be greeted as liberators, and that democracy would spread across the Middle East. Those were the judgments we made on the most important strategic question since the end of the Cold War.

Now, all of us recognize that we must do more than look back -- we must make a judgment about how to move forward. What is needed? What can best be done? What must be done? Senator McCain wants to talk of our tactics in Iraq; I want to focus on a new strategy for Iraq and the wider world.

It has been 18 months since President Bush announced the surge. As I have said many times, our troops have performed brilliantly in lowering the level of violence. General Petraeus has used new tactics to protect the Iraqi population. We have talked directly to Sunni tribes that used to be hostile to America, and supported their fight against Al Qaida. Shiite militias have generally respected a cease- fire. Those are the facts, and all Americans welcome them.

For weeks, now, Senator McCain has argued that the gains of the surge mean that I should change my commitment to end the war. But this argument misconstrues what is necessary to succeed in Iraq, and stubbornly ignores the facts of the broader strategic picture that we face.

In the 18 months since the surge began, the strain on our military has increased, our troops and their families have borne an enormous burden, and American taxpayers have spent another $200 billion in Iraq. That's over $10 billion each month. That is a consequence of our current strategy.

In the 18 months since the surge began, the situation in Afghanistan has deteriorated. June was our highest casualty month of the war. The Taliban has been on the offensive, even launching a brazen attack on one of our bases. Al Qaida has a growing sanctuary in Pakistan. That is a consequence of our current strategy.

In the 18 months since the surge began, as I warned at the outset -- Iraq's leaders have not made the political progress that was the purpose of the surge. They have not invested tens of billions of dollars in oil revenues to rebuild their country. They have not resolved their differences or shaped a new political compact.

That's why I strongly stand by my plan to end this war. Now, Prime Minister Maliki's call for a timetable for the removal of U.S. forces presents a real opportunity. It comes at a time when the American general in charge of training Iraq's Security Forces has testified that Iraq's Army and Police will be ready to assume responsibility for Iraq's security in 2009. Now is the time for a responsible redeployment of our combat troops that pushes Iraq's leaders toward a political solution, rebuilds our military, and refocuses on Afghanistan and our broader security interests.

George Bush and John McCain don't have a strategy for success in Iraq -- they have a strategy for staying in Iraq. They said we couldn't leave when violence was up, they say we can't leave when violence is down. They refuse to press the Iraqis to make tough choices, and they label any timetable to redeploy our troops "surrender," even though we would be turning Iraq over to a sovereign Iraqi government -- not to a terrorist enemy. Theirs is an endless focus on tactics inside Iraq, with no consideration of our strategy to face threats beyond Iraq's borders.

At some point, a judgment must be made. Iraq is not going to be a perfect place, and we don't have unlimited resources to try to make it one. We are not going to kill every Al Qaida sympathizer, eliminate every trace of Iranian influence, or stand up a flawless democracy before we leave -- General Petraeus and Ambassador Crocker acknowledged this to me when they testified last April. That is why the accusation of surrender is false rhetoric used to justify a failed policy. In fact, true success in Iraq -- victory in Iraq -- will not take place in a surrender ceremony where an enemy lays down their arms. True success will take place when we leave Iraq to a government that is taking responsibility for its future -- a government that prevents sectarian conflict, and ensures that the Al Qaida threat which has been beaten back by our troops does not reemerge. That is an achievable goal if we pursue a comprehensive plan to press the Iraqis stand up.

To achieve that success, I will give our military a new mission on my first day in office: ending this war. Let me be clear: we must be as careful getting out of Iraq as we were careless getting in. We can safely redeploy our combat brigades at a pace that would remove them in 16 months. That would be the summer of 2010 -- one year after Iraqi Security Forces will be prepared to stand up; two years from now, and more than seven years after the war began. After this redeployment, we'll keep a residual force to perform specific missions in Iraq: targeting any remnants of Al Qaida; protecting our service members and diplomats; and training and supporting Iraq's Security Forces, so long as the Iraqis make political progress.

We will make tactical adjustments as we implement this strategy -- that is what any responsible Commander-in-Chief must do. As I have consistently said, I will consult with commanders on the ground and the Iraqi government. We will redeploy from secure areas first and volatile areas later. We will commit $2 billion to a meaningful international effort to support the more than 4 million displaced Iraqis. We will forge a new coalition to support Iraq's future -- one that includes all of Iraq's neighbors, and also the United Nations, the World Bank, and the European Union -- because we all have a stake in stability. And we will make it clear that the United States seeks no permanent bases in Iraq.

This is the future that Iraqis want. This is the future that the American people want. And this is what our common interests demand. Both America and Iraq will be more secure when the terrorist in Anbar is taken out by the Iraqi Army, and the criminal in Baghdad fears Iraqi Police, not just coalition forces. Both America and Iraq will succeed when every Arab government has an embassy open in Baghdad, and the child in Basra benefits from services provided by Iraqi dinars, not American tax dollars.

And this is the future we need for our military. We cannot tolerate this strain on our forces to fight a war that hasn't made us safer. I will restore our strength by ending this war, completing the increase of our ground forces by 65,000 soldiers and 27,000 marines, and investing in the capabilities we need to defeat conventional foes and meet the unconventional challenges of our time.

So let's be clear. Senator McCain would have our troops continue to fight tour after tour of duty, and our taxpayers keep spending $10 billion a month indefinitely; I want Iraqis to take responsibility for their own future, and to reach the political accommodation necessary for long-term stability. That's victory. That's success. That's what's best for Iraq, that's what's best for America, and that's why I will end this war as President.

In fact -- as should have been apparent to President Bush and Senator McCain -- the central front in the war on terror is not Iraq, and it never was. That's why the second goal of my new strategy will be taking the fight to Al Qaida in Afghanistan and Pakistan.

It is unacceptable that almost seven years after nearly 3,000 Americans were killed on our soil, the terrorists who attacked us on 9/11 are still at large. Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahari are recording messages to their followers and plotting more terror. The Taliban controls parts of Afghanistan. Al Qaida has an expanding base in Pakistan that is probably no farther from their old Afghan sanctuary than a train ride from Washington to Philadelphia. If another attack on our homeland comes, it will likely come from the same region where 9/11 was planned. And yet today, we have five times more troops in Iraq than Afghanistan.

Senator McCain said -- just months ago -- that "Afghanistan is not in trouble because of our diversion to Iraq." I could not disagree more. Our troops and our NATO allies are performing heroically in Afghanistan, but I have argued for years that we lack the resources to finish the job because of our commitment to Iraq. That's what the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said earlier this month. And that's why, as President, I will make the fight against Al Qaida and the Taliban the top priority that it should be. This is a war that we have to win.

I will send at least two additional combat brigades to Afghanistan, and use this commitment to seek greater contributions -- with fewer restrictions -- from NATO allies. I will focus on training Afghan security forces and supporting an Afghan judiciary, with more resources and incentives for American officers who perform these missions. Just as we succeeded in the Cold War by supporting allies who could sustain their own security, we must realize that the 21st century's front lines are not only on the field of battle -- they are found in the training exercise near Kabul, in the police station in Kandahar, and in the rule of law in Herat.

Moreover, lasting security will only come if we heed Marshall's lesson, and help Afghans grow their economy from the bottom up. That's why I've proposed an additional $1 billion in non-military assistance each year, with meaningful safeguards to prevent corruption and to make sure investments are made -- not just in Kabul -- but out in Afghanistan's provinces. As a part of this program, we'll invest in alternative livelihoods to poppy-growing for Afghan farmers, just as we crack down on heroin trafficking. We cannot lose Afghanistan to a future of narco-terrorism. The Afghan people must know that our commitment to their future is enduring, because the security of Afghanistan and the United States is shared.

The greatest threat to that security lies in the tribal regions of Pakistan, where terrorists train and insurgents strike into Afghanistan. We cannot tolerate a terrorist sanctuary, and as President, I won't. We need a stronger and sustained partnership between Afghanistan, Pakistan and NATO to secure the border, to take out terrorist camps, and to crack down on cross-border insurgents. We need more troops, more helicopters, more satellites, more Predator drones in the Afghan border region. And we must make it clear that if Pakistan cannot or will not act, we will take out high-level terrorist targets like bin Laden if we have them in our sights.

Make no mistake: we can't succeed in Afghanistan or secure our homeland unless we change our Pakistan policy. We must expect more of the Pakistani government, but we must offer more than a blank check to a General who has lost the confidence of his people. It's time to strengthen stability by standing up for the aspirations of the Pakistani people. That's why I'm cosponsoring a bill with Joe Biden and Richard Lugar to triple non-military aid to the Pakistani people and to sustain it for a decade, while ensuring that the military assistance we do provide is used to take the fight to the Taliban and Al Qaida. We must move beyond a purely military alliance built on convenience, or face mounting popular opposition in a nuclear-armed nation at the nexus of terror and radical Islam.

Only a strong Pakistani democracy can help us move toward my third goal -- securing all nuclear weapons and materials from terrorists and rogue states. One of the terrible ironies of the Iraq War is that President Bush used the threat of nuclear terrorism to invade a country that had no active nuclear program. But the fact that the President misled us into a misguided war doesn't diminish the threat of a terrorist with a weapon of mass destruction -- in fact, it has only increased it.

In those years after World War II, we worried about the deadly atom falling into the hands of the Kremlin. Now, we worry about 50 tons of highly enriched uranium -- some of it poorly secured -- at civilian nuclear facilities in over forty countries. Now, we worry about the breakdown of a non-proliferation framework that was designed for the bipolar world of the Cold War. Now, we worry -- most of all -- about a rogue state or nuclear scientist transferring the world's deadliest weapons to the world's most dangerous people: terrorists who won't think twice about killing themselves and hundreds of thousands in Tel Aviv or Moscow, in London or New York.

We cannot wait any longer to protect the American people. I've made this a priority in the Senate, where I worked with Republican Senator Dick Lugar to pass a law accelerating our pursuit of loose nuclear materials. I'll lead a global effort to secure all loose nuclear materials around the world during my first term as President. And I'll develop new defenses to protect against the 21st century threat of biological weapons and cyber-terrorism -- threats that I'll discuss in more detail tomorrow.

Beyond taking these immediate, urgent steps, it's time to send a clear message: America seeks a world with no nuclear weapons. As long as nuclear weapons exist, we must retain a strong deterrent. But instead of threatening to kick them out of the G-8, we need to work with Russia to take U.S. and Russian ballistic missiles off hair- trigger alert; to dramatically reduce the stockpiles of our nuclear weapons and material; to seek a global ban on the production of fissile material for weapons; and to expand the U.S.-Russian ban on intermediate-range missiles so that the agreement is global. By keeping our commitment under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, we'll be in a better position to press nations like North Korea and Iran to keep theirs. In particular, it will give us more credibility and leverage in dealing with Iran.

We cannot tolerate nuclear weapons in the hands of nations that support terror. Preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons is a vital national security interest of the United States. No tool of statecraft should be taken off the table, but Senator McCain would continue a failed policy that has seen Iran strengthen its position, advance its nuclear program, and stockpile 150 kilos of low enriched uranium. I will use all elements of American power to pressure the Iranian regime, starting with aggressive, principled and direct diplomacy -- diplomacy backed with strong sanctions and without preconditions.

There will be careful preparation. I commend the work of our European allies on this important matter, and we should be full partners in that effort. Ultimately the measure of any effort is whether it leads to a change in Iranian behavior. That's why we must pursue these tough negotiations in full coordination with our allies, bringing to bear our full influence -- including, if it will advance our interests, my meeting with the appropriate Iranian leader at a time and place of my choosing.

We will pursue this diplomacy with no illusions about the Iranian regime. Instead, we will present a clear choice. If you abandon your nuclear program, support for terror, and threats to Israel, there will be meaningful incentives. If you refuse, then we will ratchet up the pressure, with stronger unilateral sanctions; stronger multilateral sanctions in the Security Council, and sustained action outside the UN to isolate the Iranian regime. That's the diplomacy we need. And the Iranians should negotiate now; by waiting, they will only face mounting pressure.

The surest way to increase our leverage against Iran in the long- run is to stop bankrolling its ambitions. That will depend on achieving my fourth goal: ending the tyranny of oil in our time.

One of the most dangerous weapons in the world today is the price of oil. We ship nearly $700 million a day to unstable or hostile nations for their oil. It pays for terrorist bombs going off from Baghdad to Beirut. It funds petro-diplomacy in Caracas and radical madrasas from Karachi to Khartoum. It takes leverage away from America and shifts it to dictators.

This immediate danger is eclipsed only by the long-term threat from climate change, which will lead to devastating weather patterns, terrible storms, drought, and famine. That means people competing for food and water in the next fifty years in the very places that have known horrific violence in the last fifty: Africa, the Middle East, and South Asia. Most disastrously, that could mean destructive storms on our shores, and the disappearance of our coastline.

This is not just an economic issue or an environmental concern -- this is a national security crisis. For the sake of our security -- and for every American family that is paying the price at the pump -- we must end this dependence on foreign oil. And as President, that's exactly what I'll do. Small steps and political gimmickry just won't do. I'll invest $150 billion over the next ten years to put America on the path to true energy security. This fund will fast track investments in a new green energy business sector that will end our addiction to oil and create up to 5 million jobs over the next two decades, and help secure the future of our country and our planet. We'll invest in research and development of every form of alternative energy -- solar, wind, and biofuels, as well as technologies that can make coal clean and nuclear power safe. And from the moment I take office, I will let it be known that the United States of America is ready to lead again.

Never again will we sit on the sidelines, or stand in the way of global action to tackle this global challenge. I will reach out to the leaders of the biggest carbon emitting nations and ask them to join a new Global Energy Forum that will lay the foundation for the next generation of climate protocols. We will also build an alliance of oil-importing nations and work together to reduce our demand, and to break the grip of OPEC on the global economy. We'll set a goal of an 80% reduction in global emissions by 2050. And as we develop new forms of clean energy here at home, we will share our technology and our innovations with all the nations of the world.

That is the tradition of American leadership on behalf of the global good. And that will be my fifth goal -- rebuilding our alliances to meet the common challenges of the 21st century.

For all of our power, America is strongest when we act alongside strong partners. We faced down fascism with the greatest war-time alliance the world has ever known. We stood shoulder to shoulder with our NATO allies against the Soviet threat, and paid a far smaller price for the first Gulf War because we acted together with a broad coalition. We helped create the United Nations -- not to constrain America's influence, but to amplify it by advancing our values.

Now is the time for a new era of international cooperation. It's time for America and Europe to renew our common commitment to face down the threats of the 21st century just as we did the challenges of the 20th. It's time to strengthen our partnerships with Japan, South Korea, Australia and the world's largest democracy -- India -- to create a stable and prosperous Asia. It's time to engage China on common interests like climate change, even as we continue to encourage their shift to a more open and market-based society. It's time to strengthen NATO by asking more of our allies, while always approaching them with the respect owed a partner. It's time to reform the United Nations, so that this imperfect institution can become a more perfect forum to share burdens, strengthen our leverage, and promote our values. It's time to deepen our engagement to help resolve the Arab- Israeli conflict, so that we help our ally Israel achieve true and lasting security, while helping Palestinians achieve their legitimate aspirations for statehood.

And just as we renew longstanding efforts, so must we shape new ones to meet new challenges. That's why I'll create a Shared Security Partnership Program -- a new alliance of nations to strengthen cooperative efforts to take down global terrorist networks, while standing up against torture and brutality. That's why we'll work with the African Union to enhance its ability to keep the peace. That's why we'll build a new partnership to roll back the trafficking of drugs, and guns, and gangs in the Americas. That's what we can do if we are ready to engage the world.

We will have to provide meaningful resources to meet critical priorities. I know development assistance is not the most popular program, but as President, I will make the case to the American people that it can be our best investment in increasing the common security of the entire world. That was true with the Marshall Plan, and that must be true today. That's why I'll double our foreign assistance to $50 billion by 2012, and use it to support a stable future in failing states, and sustainable growth in Africa; to halve global poverty and to roll back disease. To send once more a message to those yearning faces beyond our shores that says, "You matter to us. Your future is our future. And our moment is now."

This must be the moment when we answer the call of history. For eight years, we have paid the price for a foreign policy that lectures without listening; that divides us from one another -- and from the world -- instead of calling us to a common purpose; that focuses on our tactics in fighting a war without end in Iraq instead of forging a new strategy to face down the true threats that we face. We cannot afford four more years of a strategy that is out of balance and out of step with this defining moment. None of this will be easy, but we have faced great odds before. When General Marshall first spoke about the plan that would bear his name, the rubble of Berlin had not yet been built into a wall. But Marshall knew that even the fiercest of adversaries could forge bonds of friendship founded in freedom. He had the confidence to know that the purpose and pragmatism of the American people could outlast any foe. Today, the dangers and divisions that came with the dawn of the Cold War have receded. Now, the defeat of the threats of the past has been replaced by the transnational threats of today. We know what is needed. We know what can best be done. We know what must done. Now it falls to us to act with the same sense of purpose and pragmatism as an earlier generation, to join with friends and partners to lead the world anew.

Thank you to the citizens of Berlin andand thank you to the people of Germany. Let me thank Chancellor Merkel and Foreign Minister Steinmeier for welcoming me earlier today. Thank you Mayor Wowereit, the Berlin Senate, the police, and most of all thanks to all of you for this extraordinary welcome. Thank you.

I come to Berlin as so many of my countrymen have come before; although tonight, I speak to you not as a candidate for President, but as a citizen -- a proud citizen of the United States, and a fellow citizen of the world.

I know that I don’t look like the Americans who’ve previously spoken in this great city. The journey that led me here is improbable. My mother was born in the heartland of America, but my father grew up herding goats in Kenya. His father -- His father -- my grandfather -- was a cook, a domestic servant to the British.

At the height of the Cold War, my father decided, like so many others in the forgotten corners of the world, that his yearning -- his dream -- required the freedom and opportunity promised by the West. And so he wrote letter after letter to universities all across America until somebody, somewhere answered his prayer for a better life.

That is why I am here. And you are here because you too know that yearning. This city, of all cities, knows the dream of freedom. And you know that the only reason we stand here tonight is because men and women from both of our nations came together to work, and struggle, and sacrifice for that better life.

Ours is a partnership that truly began 60 years ago this summer, on the day when the first American plane touched down at Tempelhof. On that day -- On that day much of this continent still lay in ruin.  The rubble of this city had yet to be built into a wall. The Soviet shadow had swept across Eastern Europe, while in the West, America, Britain, and France took their stock of their losses, and pondered how the world might be remade.

This is where the two sides met. And on the twenty-fourth of June, 1948, the Communists chose to blockade the western part of the city. They cut off food and supplies to more than two million Germans in an effort to extinguish the last flame of freedom in Berlin.

The size of our forces was no match for the larger Soviet Army. And yet retreat would have allowed Communism to march across Europe. Where the last war had ended, another World War could have easily begun. And all that stood in the way was Berlin. And that’s when -- that's when the airlift began, when the largest and most unlikely rescue in the history brought food and hope to the people of this city.

The odds were stacked against success. In the winter, a heavy fog filled the sky above, and many planes were forced to turn back without dropping off the needed supplies. The streets where we stand were filled with hungry families who had no comfort from the cold.

But in the darkest hours, the people of Berlin kept the flame of hope burning. The people of Berlin refused to give up. And on one fall day, hundreds of thousands of Berliners came here, to the Tiergarten, and heard the city’s mayor implore the world not to give up on freedom. “There is only one possibility,” he said. “For us to stand together united until this battle is won…The people of Berlin have spoken. We have done our duty," he said, "and we will keep on doing our duty. People of the world, now do your duty. People of the world, look at Berlin.”

People of the world -- look at Berlin!

Look at Berlin, where Germans and Americans learned to work together and trust each other less than three years after facing each other on the field of battle.

Look at Berlin, where the determination of a people met the generosity of the Marshall Plan and created a German miracle; where a -- where a victory over tyranny gave rise to NATO, the greatest alliance ever formed to defend our common security.

Look at Berlin, where the bullet holes in the buildings and the somber stones and pillars near the Brandenburg Gate insist that we never forget our common humanity.

People of the world -- look at Berlin, where a wall came down, a continent came together, and history proved that there is no challenge too great for a world that stands as one.

Sixty years after the airlift, we are called upon again. History has led us to a new crossroad, with new promise and new peril. When you, the German people, tore down that wall -- a wall that divided East and West; freedom and tyranny; fear and hope -- walls came tumbling down around the world. From Kiev to Cape Town, prison camps were closed, and the doors of democracy were opened. Markets opened too, and the spread of information and technology reduced barriers to opportunity and prosperity. While the 20th century taught us that we share a common destiny, the 21st century has revealed a world more intertwined than at any time in human history.

The fall of the Berlin Wall brought new hope. But that very closeness has given rise to new dangers -- dangers that cannot be contained within the borders of a country or by the distance of an ocean.

Think about it: The terrorists of September 11th plotted in Hamburg and trained in Kandahar and Karachi before killing thousands from all over the globe on American soil. As we speak, cars in Boston and factories in Beijing are melting the ice caps in the Arctic, shrinking coastlines in the Atlantic, and bringing drought to farms from Kansas to Kenya.

Poorly secured nuclear material in the former Soviet Union, or secrets from a scientist in Pakistan could help build a bomb that detonates in Paris. The poppies in Afghanistan come to Berlin in the form of the heroin. The poverty and violence in Somalia breeds the terror of tomorrow. The genocide in Darfur shames the conscience of us all.

In this new world, such dangerous currents have swept along faster than our efforts to contain them. And that is why we cannot afford to be divided. No one nation, no matter how large or powerful, can defeat such challenges alone. None of us can deny these threats, or escape responsi[bility] in meeting them. In the absence of Soviet tanks and a terrible wall, it has become easy to forget this truth. And if we’re honest with each other, we know that sometimes, on both sides of the Atlantic, we have drifted apart, and forgotten our shared destiny.

In Europe, the view that America is part of what has gone wrong in our world, rather than a force to help us make it right, has become all too common. In America, there are voices that deride and deny the importance of Europe’s role in our security and our future. Both views miss the truth: that Europeans today are bearing new burdens and taking more responsibility in critical parts of the world; and that just as American bases built in the last century still help to defend the security of this continent, so does our country still sacrifice greatly for freedom around the globe.

Yes, there have been differences between America and Europe. No doubt, there will be differences in the future. But the burdens of global citizenship continue to bind us together. A change of leadership in Washington will not lift this burden. In this new century, Americans and Europeans alike will be required to do more -- not less. Partnership and cooperation among nations is not a choice; it is the only way, the one way, to protect our common security and advance our common humanity.

That is why the greatest danger of all is to allow new walls to divide us from one another. The walls between old allies on either side of the Atlantic cannot stand. The walls between the countries with the most and those with the least cannot stand. The walls between races and tribes; natives and immigrants; Christians and Muslims and Jews cannot stand. These now are the walls we must tear down.

We know -- We know that these walls have fallen before. After centuries of strife, the people of Europe have formed a Union of promise and prosperity. Here, at the base of a column built to mark victory in war, we meet in the center of a Europe at peace. Not only have walls come down in Berlin, but they've come down in Belfast, where Protestant and Catholic found a way to live together; in the Balkans, where our Atlantic alliance ended wars and brought savage war criminals to justice; and in South Africa, where the struggle of a courageous people defeated apartheid.

So history reminds us that walls can be torn down. But the task is never easy. True partnership and true progress requires constant work and sustained sacrifice. They require sharing the burdens of development and diplomacy; of peace and progress. They require allies who will listen to each other, learn from each other and, most of all, trust each other.

That is why America cannot turn inward. That is why Europe cannot turn inward. America has no better partner than Europe. Now -- Now is the time to build new bridges across the globe as strong as the one that binds us across the Atlantic. Now is the time to join together, through constant cooperation and strong institutions and shared sacrifice and a global commitment to progress, to meet the challenges of the 21st century. It was this spirit that led airlift planes to appear in the sky above our heads, and people to assemble where we stand today. And this is the moment when our nations -- and all nations -- must summon that spirit anew.

This is the moment when we must defeat terror and dry up the well of extremism that supports it. This threat is real and we cannot shrink from our responsibility to combat it. If we could create NATO to face down the Soviet Union, we can join in a new and global partnership to dismantle the networks that have struck in Madrid and Amman; in London and Bali; in Washington and New York. If we could win a battle of ideas against the communists, we can stand with the vast majority of Muslims who reject the extremism that leads to hate instead of hope.

This is the moment when we must renew our resolve to rout the terrorists who threaten our security in Afghanistan, and the traffickers who sell drugs on your streets. No one welcomes war. I recognize the enormous difficulties in Afghanistan. But my country and yours have a stake in seeing that NATO’s first mission beyond Europe’s borders is a success. For the people of Afghanistan, and for our shared security, the work must be done. America can't do this alone.  The Afghan people need our troops and your troops; our support and your support to defeat the Taliban and al Qaeda, to develop their economy, and to help them rebuild their nation. We have too much at stake to turn back now.

This -- This is the moment when we must renew the goal of a world without nuclear weapons.  The two superpowers that faced each other across the wall of this city came too close too often to destroying all we have built and all that we love. With that wall gone, we need not stand idly by and watch the further spread of the deadly atom. It is time to secure all loose nuclear materials; to stop the spread of nuclear weapons; and to reduce the arsenals from another era. This is the moment to begin the work of seeking the peace of a world without nuclear weapons.

This is the moment when every nation in Europe must have the chance to choose its own tomorrow, free from the shadows of yesterday. In this century, we need a strong European Union that deepens the security and prosperity of this continent, while extending a hand abroad. In this century -- in this city of all cities -- we must reject the Cold War mind-set of the past, and resolve to work with Russia when we can, to stand up for our values when we must, and to seek a partnership that extends across this entire continent.

This is the moment when we must build on the wealth that opens [sic] markets have created, and share its benefits more equitably. Trade has been a cornerstone of our growth and global development. But we will not be able to sustain this growth if it favors the few, and not the many. Together -- Together we must forge trade that truly rewards the work that creates wealth, with meaningful protections for our people and our planet. This is the moment for trade that is free and fair for all.

This is the moment we must help answer the call for a new dawn in the Middle East. My country must stand with yours and with Europe in sending a direct message to Iran that it must abandon its nuclear ambitions. We must support the Lebanese who've marched and bled for democracy, and the Israelis and the Palestinians who seek a secure and lasting peace. And despite -- despite past differences, this is the moment when the world should support the millions of Iraqis who seek to rebuild their lives, even as we pass responsibility to the Iraqi government and finally bring this war to a close.

This -- This is the moment when we must come together to save this planet. Let us resolve that we will not leave our children to a world where the oceans rise and famine spreads and terrible storms devastate our lands. Let us resolve that all nations -- including my own -- will act with the same seriousness of purpose as has your nation, and reduce the carbon we send into our atmosphere. This -- This is the moment to give our children back their future. This is the moment to stand as one.

And this is the moment when we must give hope to those left behind in a globalized world. We must remember that the Cold War born in this city was not a battle for land or treasure. Sixty years ago, the planes that flew over Berlin did not drop bombs; instead they delivered food, and coal, and candy to grateful children. And in that show of solidarity, those pilots won more than a military victory. They won hearts and minds; love and loyalty and trust -- not just from the people in this city, but from all those who heard the story of what they did here.

Now the world will watch and remember what we do here -- what we do with this moment. Will we extend our hand to the people in the forgotten corners of this world who yearn for lives marked by dignity and opportunity, by security and justice? Will we lift the child in Bangladesh from poverty, and shelter the refugee in Chad, and banish the scourge of AIDS in our time?

Will we stand for the human rights of the dissident in Burma, the blogger in Iran, or the voter in Zimbabwe? Will we give meaning to the words “never again” in Darfur?

Will we acknowledge -- Will we acknowledge that there is no more powerful example than the one each of our nations projects to the world? Will we reject torture and stand for the rule of law? Will we -- Will we -- Will we welcome immigrants from different lands, and shun discrimination against those who don’t look like us or worship like we do, and keep the promise of equality and opportunity for all of our people?

People of Berlin -- people of the world -- this is our moment. This is our time.

I know my country has not perfected itself. At times, we’ve struggled to keep the promise of liberty and equality for all of our people. We’ve made our share of mistakes, and there are times when our actions around the world have not lived up to our best intentions.

But I also know how much I love America. I know that for more than two centuries, we have strived -- at great cost and great sacrifice -- to form a more perfect union; to seek, with other nations, a more hopeful world. Our allegiance has never been to any particular tribe or kingdom -- indeed, every language is spoken in our country; every culture has left its imprint on ours; every point of view is expressed in our public squares. What has always united us, what has always driven our people, what drew my father to America’s shores -- is a set of ideals that speak to aspirations shared by all people: that we can live free from fear and free from want; that we can speak our minds and assemble with whomever we choose and worship as we please.

These are the aspiration[s] that join the fates of all nations in this city. These aspirations are bigger than anything that drives us apart. It is because of these aspirations that the airlift began. It is because of these aspirations that all free people -- everywhere -- became citizens of Berlin. It is in pursuit of these aspirations that a new generation -- our generation -- must make our mark on the world.

People of Berlin -- and people of the world -- the scale of our challenge is great. The road ahead will be long. But I come before you to say that we are heirs to a struggle for freedom. We are a people of improbable hope. With an eye toward the future, with resolve in our heart, let us remember this history, and answer our destiny, and remake the world once again.

Thank you, Berlin. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Thank you everybody.

To -- To Chairman Dean, and my great friend, Dick Durbin, and to all my fellow citizens of this great nation, with profound gratitude and great humility -- I accept your nomination for the presidency of the United States.

Let me -- Let me express -- Let me express my thanks to the historic slate of candidates who accompanied on this journey, and especially the one who traveled the farthest, a champion for working Americans and an inspiration to my daughters and yours: Hillary Rodham Clinton.

To President Clinton -- To President Bill Clinton, who made last night the case for change as only he can make it, to Ted Kennedy, who embodies the spirit of service, and to the next Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, I thank you. I am grateful to finish this journey with one of the finest statesmen of our time, a man at ease with everyone from world leaders to the conductors on the Amtrak train he still takes home every night, to the love of my life -- the next First Lady, Michelle Obama; and to Mahlia and Sasha, I love you so much and I am so proud of you. 

Four years ago, I stood before you and told you my story of the brief union between a young man from Kenya and a young woman from Kansas who weren't well-off or well-known, but shared a belief that in America, their son could achieve whatever he put his mind to.

It is that promise that's always set this country apart -- that through hard work and sacrifice each of us can pursue our individual dreams but still come together as one American family, to ensure that the next generation can pursue their dreams as well.

It's why I stand here tonight. Because for two hundred and thirty two years, at each moment when that promise was in jeopardy, ordinary men and women, students and soldiers, farmers and teachers, nurses and janitors -- found the courage to keep it alive.

We meet at one of those defining moments -- a moment when our nation is at war, our economy is in turmoil, and the American promise has been threatened once more. 

Tonight, more Americans are out of work and more are working harder for less. More of you have lost your homes and even more are watching your home values plummet. More of you have cars you can't afford to drive, credit cards bills [sic] you can't afford to pay and tuition that's beyond your reach

These challenges are not all of government's making. But the failure to respond is a direct result of a broken politics in Washington and the failed policies of George W. Bush. 

America, we are better than these last eight years. We are a better country than this. This country's more decent than one woman in Ohio on the brink of retirement finds herself one disaster after a lifetime of hard work.

We're a better country than one where a man in Indiana has to pack up the equipment that's he's worked on for twenty years and watch as its shipped off to China, and then chokes up as he explains how he felt like a failure when he went home to tell his family the news.

We are more compassionate than a government that lets veterans sleep on our streets, and families slide into poverty; that sits -- that sits on its hands while a major American city drowns before our eyes.

Tonight -- Tonight I say to the people of America, to Democrats and Republicans and Independents across this great land: Enough! 

This moment -- This moment -- this election is our chance to keep, in the 21st century, the American promise alive. Because next week, in Minnesota, the same Party that brought you two terms of George Bush and Dick Cheney will ask this country for a third. And we are here -- we are here because we love this country too much to let the next four years look just like the last eight. On November 4th -- On November 4th, we must stand up and say: "Eight is enough." 

Now -- Now let me -- let -- let there be no doubt: The Republican nominee, John McCain, has worn the uniform of our country with bravery and distinction, and for that we owe him our gratitude and our respect. And next week, we'll also hear about those occasions when he's broken with his Party as evidence that he can deliver the change that we need. 

But the record's clear: John McCain has voted with George Bush ninety percent of the time. Senator McCain likes to talk about judgment, but really, what does it say about your judgment when you think George Bush has been right more than ninety percent of the time? I -- I don't know about you, but I'm not ready to take a ten percent chance on change.

The truth is on issue after issue that would make a difference in your lives -- on health care and education and the economy, Senator McCain has been anything but independent. He says that our economy has made great progress under this President. He said that the fundamentals of the economy are strong. And when one of his chief advisors -- the man who wrote his economic plan -- was talking about the anxieties that Americans are feeling, he said that we were just suffering from a mental recession, and that we've become -- and I quote -- "a nation of whiners."

A nation of whiners.

Tell that to the proud autoworkers at a Michigan plant who, after they found out it was closing, kept showing up everyday and working as hard as ever because they knew there were people who counted on the brakes that they made. Tell that to the military families who shoulder their burden silently as they watch their loved ones leave for there third or fourth or fifth tour of duty.

These are not whiners. They work hard and they give back and they keep going without complaint. These are the Americans I know.

Now, I don't believe that Senator McCain doesn't care what's going on in the lives of Americans. I just think he doesn't know. Why else would he define "middle-class" as someone making under five million dollars a year? How else could he propose hundreds of billions in tax breaks for big corporations and oil companies but not one penny of tax relief to more than one hundred million Americans?

How else could he offer a health care plan that would actually tax people's benefits, or an education plan that would do nothing to help families pay for college, or a plan that would privatize Social Security and gamble your retirement?

It's not because John McCain doesn't care; it's because John McCain doesn't get it. For over two decades -- For over two decades, he's subscribed to that old, discredited Republican philosophy: Give more and more to those with the most and hope that prosperity trickles down to everyone else.

In Washington, they call this the "Ownership Society," but what it really means is that you're on your own. Out of work? Tough luck, you're on your own. No health care? The market will fix it. You're on your own. Born into poverty? Pull yourself up by your own bootstraps, even if you don't have boots. You are on your own. Well, it's time for them to own their failure. It's time for us to change America. And that's why I'm running for President of the United States.

You see -- You see, we Democrats have a very different measure of what constitutes progress in this country. We measure progress by how many people can find a job that pays the mortgage, whether you can put a little extra money away at the end of each month so you can someday watch your child receive her college diploma. We measure progress in the 23 million new jobs that were created when Bill Clinton was President, when the average American family saw its income go up 7,500 dollars instead of go down 2,000 dollars, like it has under George Bush.

We measure the strength of our economy not by the number of billionaires we have or the profits of the Fortune 500, but by whether someone with a good idea can take a risk and start a new business, or whether the waitress who lives on tips can take a day off and look after a sick kid without losing her job, an economy that honors the dignity of work.

The fundamentals we use to measure economic strength are whether we are living up to that fundamental promise that has made this country great, a promise that is the only reason I am standing here tonight.

Because, in the faces of those young veterans who come back from Iraq and Afghanistan, I see my grandfather, who signed up after Pearl Harbor, marched in Patton's army, and was rewarded by a grateful nation with the chance to go to college on the G.I. Bill.

In the face of that young student, who sleeps just three hours before working the night shift, I think about my mom, who raised my sister and me on her own while she worked and earned her degree, who once turned to food stamps, but was still able to send us to the best schools in the country with the help of student loans and scholarships.

When I -- When I listen to another worker tell me that his factory has shut down, I remember all those men and women on the South Side of Chicago who I stood by and fought for two decades ago after the local steel plant closed.

And when I hear a woman talk about the difficulties of starting her own business or making her way in the world, I think about my grandmother, who worked her way up from the secretarial pool to middle management, despite years of being passed over for promotions because she was a woman. She's the one who taught me about hard work. She's the one who put off buying a new car or a new dress for herself so that I could have a better life. She poured everything she had into me. And although she can no longer travel, I know that she's watching tonight and that tonight is her night, as well.

Now -- Now , I don't know what kind of lives John McCain thinks that celebrities lead, but this has been mine. These are my heroes; theirs are the stories that shaped my life. And it is on behalf of them that I intend to win this election and keep our promise alive as President of the United States.

What -- What is that American promise? It's a promise that says each of us has the freedom to make of our own lives what we will, but that we also have obligations to treat each other with dignity and respect.

It's a promise that says the market should reward drive and innovation and generate growth, but that businesses should live up to their responsibilities to create American jobs, to look out for American workers, and play by the rules of the road.

Ours -- Ours is a promise that says government cannot solve all our problems, but what it should do is that which we cannot do for ourselves: protect us from harm and provide every child a decent education; keep our water clean and our toys safe; invest in new schools, and new roads, and science, and technology.

Our government should work for us, not against us. It should help us, not hurt us. It should ensure opportunity not just for those with the most money and influence, but for every American who's willing to work.

That's the promise of America, the idea that we are responsible for ourselves, but that we also rise or fall as one nation, the fundamental belief that I am my brother's keeper, I am my sister's keeper.

That's the promise we need to keep. That's the change we need right now.

So -- So let me -- let me spell out exactly what that change would mean if I am President. Change means a tax code that doesn't reward the lobbyists who wrote it, but the American workers and small businesses who deserve it. You know, unlike John McCain, I will stop giving tax breaks to companies that ship jobs overseas, and I will start giving them to companies that create good jobs right here in America. I'll eliminate capital gains taxes for the small businesses and start-ups that will create the high-wage, high-tech jobs of tomorrow. I will -- listen now -- I will cut taxes -- cut taxes -- for 95 percent of all working families, because, in an economy like this, the last thing we should do is raise taxes on the middle class. And for the sake of our economy, our security, and the future of our planet, I will set a clear goal as President: In 10 years, we will finally end our dependence on oil from the Middle East.

We will do this.

Washington -- Washington has been talking about our oil addiction for the last 30 years. And, by the way, John McCain has been there for 26 of them. And in that time, he has said no to higher fuel-efficiency standards for cars, no to investment in renewable energy, no to renewable fuels. And today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day that Senator McCain took office. Now is the time to end this addiction and to understand that drilling is a stop-gap measure, not a long-term solution, not even close.

As President -- As President, I will tap our natural gas reserves, invest in clean coal technology, and find ways to safely harness nuclear power. I'll help our auto companies re-tool, so that the fuel-efficient cars of the future are built right here in America. I'll make it easier for the American people to afford these new cars. And I'll invest 150 billion dollars over the next decade in affordable, renewable sources of energy -- wind power, and solar power, and the next generation of biofuels -- an investment that will lead to new industries and five million new jobs that pay well and can't be outsourced.

America, now is not the time for small plans. Now is the time to finally meet our moral obligation to provide every child a world-class education, because it will take nothing less to compete in the global economy.

You know, Michelle and I are only here tonight because we were given a chance at an education. And I will not settle for an America where some kids don't have that chance. I'll invest in early childhood education. I'll recruit an army of new teachers, and pay them higher salaries, and give them more support. And in exchange, I'll ask for higher standards and more accountability. And we will keep our promise to every young American: If you commit to serving your community or our country, we will make sure you can afford a college education.

Now -- Now is the time to finally keep the promise of affordable, accessible health care for every single American. If you have health care -- If you have health care, my plan will lower your premiums. If you don't, you'll be able to get the same kind of coverage that members of Congress give themselves. And -- And as someone who watched my mother argue with insurance companies while she lay in bed dying of cancer, I will make certain those companies stop discriminating against those who are sick and need care the most.

Now is the time to help families with paid sick days and better family leave, because nobody in America should have to choose between keeping their job and caring for a sick child or an ailing parent.

Now is the time to change our bankruptcy laws, so that your pensions are protected ahead of CEO bonuses, and the time to protect Social Security for future generations.

And now is the time to keep the promise of equal pay for an equal day's work, because I want my daughters to have the exact same opportunities as your sons.

Now, many of these plans will cost money, which is why I've laid out how I'll pay for every dime: by closing corporate loopholes and tax havens that don't help America grow. But I will also go through the federal budget line by line, eliminating programs that no longer work and making the ones we do need work better and cost less, because we cannot meet 21st-century challenges with a 20th-century bureaucracy.

And, Democrats -- Democrats, we must also admit that fulfilling America's promise will require more than just money. It will require a renewed sense of responsibility from each of us to recover what John F. Kennedy called our intellectual and moral strength. Yes, government must lead on energy independence, but each of us must do our part to make our homes and businesses more efficient. Yes, we must provide more ladders to success for young men who fall into lives of crime and despair. But we must also admit that programs alone can't replace parents, that government can't turn off the television and make a child do her homework, that fathers must take more responsibility to provide love and guidance to their children. Individual responsibility and mutual responsibility, that's the essence of America's promise. And just as we keep our promise to the next generation here at home, so must we keep America's promise abroad.

If John McCain wants to have a debate about who has the temperament and judgment to serve as the next Commander-in-Chief, that's a debate I'm ready to have.

For -- For while -- while Senator McCain was turning his sights to Iraq just days after 9/11, I stood up and opposed this war, knowing that it would distract us from the real threats that we face. When John McCain said we could just muddle through in Afghanistan, I argued for more resources and more troops to finish the fight against the terrorists who actually attacked us on 9/11, and made clear that we must take out Osama bin Laden and his lieutenants if we have them in our sights. You know, John McCain likes to say that he'll follow bin Laden to the gates of Hell, but he won't even follow him to the cave where he lives. And today -- today, as my call for a timeframe to remove our troops from Iraq has been echoed by the Iraqi government and even the Bush Administration, even after we learned that Iraq has 79 billion dollars in surplus while we are wallowing in deficit, John McCain stands alone in his stubborn refusal to end a misguided war.

That's not the judgment we need; that won't keep America safe. We need a President who can face the threats of the future, not keep grasping at the ideas of the past. You don't defeat -- You don't defeat a terrorist network that operates in 80 countries by occupying Iraq. You don't protect Israel and deter Iran just by talking tough in Washington. You can't truly stand up for Georgia when you've strained our oldest alliances. If John McCain wants to follow George Bush with more tough talk and bad strategy, that is his choice, but that is not the change that America needs.

We are the Party of Roosevelt. We are the Party of Kennedy. So don't tell me that Democrats won't defend this country. Don't tell me that Democrats won't keep us safe.

The Bush-McCain foreign policy has squandered the legacy that generations of Americans, Democrats and Republicans, have built, and we are here to restore that legacy.

As Commander-in-Chief, I will never hesitate to defend this nation, but I will only send our troops into harm's way with a clear mission and a sacred commitment to give them the equipment they need in battle and the care and benefits they deserve when they come home. I will end this war in Iraq responsibly and finish the fight against Al Qaida and the Taliban in Afghanistan. I will rebuild our military to meet future conflicts, but I will also renew the tough, direct diplomacy that can prevent Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons and curb Russian aggression. I will build new partnerships to defeat the threats of the 21st century: terrorism and nuclear proliferation, poverty and genocide, climate change and disease. And I will restore our moral standing so that America is once again that last, best hope for all who are called to the cause of freedom, who long for lives of peace, and who yearn for a better future.

These -- These are the policies I will pursue. And in the weeks ahead, I look forward to debating them with John McCain.

But what I will not do is suggest that the senator takes his positions for political purposes, because one of the things that we have to change in our politics is the idea that people cannot disagree without challenging each other's character and each other's patriotism. The times are too serious; the stakes are too high for this same partisan playbook. So let us agree that patriotism has no Party. I love this country, and so do you, and so does John McCain. The men and women who serve in our battlefields may be Democrats and Republicans and independents, but they have fought together, and bled together, and some died together under the same proud flag. They have not served a red America or a blue America; they have served the United States of America. So I've got news for you, John McCain: We all put our country first.

America, our work will not be easy. The challenges we face require tough choices. And Democrats, as well as Republicans, will need to cast off the worn-out ideas and politics of the past, for part of what has been lost these past eight years can't just be measured by lost wages or bigger trade deficits. What has also been lost is our sense of common purpose, and that's what we have to restore.

We may not agree on abortion, but surely we can agree on reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies in this country.

The -- The reality of gun ownership may be different for hunters in rural Ohio than they are for those plagued by gang violence in Cleveland, but don't tell me we can't uphold the Second Amendment while keeping AK-47s out of the hands of criminals.

I know there are differences on same-sex marriage, but surely we can agree that our gay and lesbian brothers and sisters deserve to visit the person they love in a hospital and to live lives free of discrimination.

You know, passions may fly on immigration, but I don't know anyone who benefits when a mother is separated from her infant child or an employer undercuts American wages by hiring illegal workers.

But this, too, is part of America's promise, the promise of a democracy where we can find the strength and grace to bridge divides and unite in common effort.

I know there are those who dismiss such beliefs as happy talk. They claim that our insistence on something larger, something firmer, and more honest in our public life is just a Trojan Horse for higher taxes and the abandonment of traditional values. And that's to be expected, because if you don't have any fresh ideas, then you use stale tactics to scare voters. If you don't have a record to run on, then you paint your opponent as someone people should run from. You make a big election about small things. And you know what? It's worked before, because it feeds into the cynicism we all have about government. When Washington doesn't work, all its promises seem empty. If your hopes have been dashed again and again, then it's best to stop hoping and settle for what you already know.

I get it. I realize that I am not the likeliest candidate for this office. I don't fit the typical pedigree, and I haven't spent my career in the halls of Washington. But I stand before you tonight because all across America something is stirring. What the naysayers don't understand is that this election has never been about me; it's about you.

It's about you. For 18 long months, you have stood up, one by one, and said, "Enough," to the politics of the past. You understand that, in this election, the greatest risk we can take is to try the same, old politics with the same, old players and expect a different result. You have shown what history teaches us, that at defining moments like this one, the change we need doesn't come from Washington. Change comes to Washington. Change happens -- Change happens because the American people demand it, because they rise up and insist on new ideas and new leadership, a new politics for a new time.

America, this is one of those moments.

I believe that, as hard as it will be, the change we need is coming, because I've seen it, because I've lived it. Because I've seen it in Illinois, when we provided health care to more children and moved more families from welfare to work. I've seen it in Washington, where we worked across party lines to open up government and hold lobbyists more accountable, to give better care for our veterans, and keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of terrorists.

And I've seen it in this campaign, in the young people who voted for the first time and the young at heart, those who got involved again after a very long time; in the Republicans who never thought they'd pick up a Democratic ballot, but did.

I've seen it -- I've seen it in the workers who would rather cut their hours back a day, even though they can't afford it, than see their friends lose their jobs; in the soldiers who re-enlist after losing a limb; in the good neighbors who take a stranger in when a hurricane strikes and the floodwaters rise.

You know, this country of ours has more wealth than any nation, but that's not what makes us rich. We have the most powerful military on Earth, but that's not what makes us strong. Our universities and our culture are the envy of the world, but that's not what keeps the world coming to our shores.

Instead, it is that American spirit, that American promise, that pushes us forward even when the path is uncertain; that binds us together in spite of our differences; that makes us fix our eye not on what is seen, but what is unseen, that better place around the bend.

That promise is our greatest inheritance. It's a promise I make to my daughters when I tuck them in at night and a promise that you make to yours, a promise that has led immigrants to cross oceans and pioneers to travel west, a promise that led workers to picket lines and women to reach for the ballot.

And it is that promise that, 45 years ago today, brought Americans from every corner of this land to stand together on a Mall in Washington, before Lincoln's Memorial, and hear a young preacher from Georgia speak of his Dream.

The men and women who gathered there could've heard many things. They could've heard words of anger and discord. They could've been told to succumb to the fear and frustrations of so many dreams deferred. But what the people heard instead -- people of every creed and color, from every walk of life -- is that, in America, our destiny is inextricably linked, that together our dreams can be one. "We cannot walk alone," the preacher cried. "And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back."

America, we cannot turn back, not with so much work to be done; not with so many children to educate, and so many veterans to care for; not with an economy to fix, and cities to rebuild, and farms to save; not with so many families to protect and so many lives to mend.

America, we cannot turn back. We cannot walk alone.

At this moment, in this election, we must pledge once more to march into the future. Let us keep that promise, that American promise, and in the words of Scripture hold firmly, without wavering, to the hope that we confess.

Thank you. God bless you. And God bless the United States of America.

Thank you very much, Madam President. And thank you to the distinguished Senator from Connecticut not only for yielding time, but also for the extraordinarily hard work that he's put in over the last several days and, in fact, over a -- a week. And I want to thank his counterparts on the other side, including Senator Gregg, for their hard work.

Now, the fact that we're even here voting on a plan to rescue our economy from the greed and irresponsibility of Wall Street and some in Washington is an outrage. It's an outrage to every American who works hard, pays their taxes, is doing their best every day to make a better life for themselves and their families. And understandably, people are frustrated and they're angry that Wall Street's mistakes have put their tax dollars at risk. And they should be. I'm frustrated and angry, too.

But while there's plenty of blame to go around -- and many in Washington and Wall Street who deserve it, all of us -- all of us have a responsibility to solve this crisis, because it affects the financial well-being of every single American. There will be time to punish those who set this fire, but now is not the time to argue about how it got set, or did the neighbor sleep in his bed, or leave the stove on. Right now we want to put out that fire; and now's the time for us to come together and do that.

When the House of Representatives failed to act on Monday, we saw the single largest decline in the stock market in two decades. Over one trillion dollars of wealth was lost by the time the markets closed. And it wasn't just the wealth of a few CEOs or Wall Street executives. The 401(k)s and retirement accounts of millions became smaller. The state pension funds of teachers and government employees lost billions upon billions of dollars. Hard-working Americans who invested their nest egg to watch it grow saw it diminish and in some cases disappear.

And while that decline was devastating, the consequences of the credit crisis that caused it will be even worse if we do not act now. We're in a very dangerous situation, where financial institutions across this country are afraid to lend money. And if all that meant was the failure of a few banks in New York, that would be one thing. But that's not what it means. What it means is, if we don't act, it will be harder for Americans to get a mortgage for their home or loans they need to buy a car or send their children to college.

What it means is that businesses won't be able to get the loans they need to open a new factory or make payroll for their workers. And if they can't make payroll on Friday, then workers are laid off on Monday. And if workers are laid off on Monday, then they can't pay their bills or pay back their loans to somebody else. And it will go on and on and on, rippling through the entire economy. And potentially we could see thousands of businesses close, millions of jobs could be lost, and a long and painful recession could follow. In other words, this is not just a Wall Street crisis; it's an American crisis. And it's the American economy that needs this rescue plan.

I understand completely why people would be skeptical when this President asks for a blank check to solve this problem. I was, too, as was Senator Dodd and a whole bunch of us here. And that's why, over a week ago, I demanded that this plan include some specific proposals to protect taxpayers, protections that the Administration eventually agreed to, and, thanks to the hard work of Senator Dodd and Republican counterparts like Senator Gregg, we here in the Senate have agreed to, and now hopefully the House will agree to, as well.

Let me just go over those principles:

Number one, I said we needed an independent board to provide oversight and accountability for how and where this money is spent at every step of the way.

Number two, I said that we cannot help banks on Wall Street without helping the millions of innocent homeowners who are struggling to stay in their homes. They deserve a plan, too.

Number three, I said that I would not allow this plan to become a welfare program for Wall Street executives, whose greed and irresponsibility got us into this mess.

And, finally, I said that, if American taxpayers are financing this solution, then they have to be treated like investors. They should get every penny of their tax dollars back once the economy recovers.

Now, this last part is important, because it's been the most misunderstood and poorly communicated part of this plan. This is not a plan to just hand over 700 billion dollars of taxpayer money to a few banks. If this is managed correctly -- and that's an important "if" -- we will hopefully get most or all of our money back and possibly even turn a profit on the government's intervention, every penny of which will go directly back to the American people. And if we fall short, we will levy a fee on financial institutions so that they can repay for the losses that they caused.

Now, let me -- let's acknowledge, even with all these taxpayer protections, this plan is not perfect. Democrats and Republicans in Congress have legitimate concerns about it. Some of my closest colleagues, people I have the greatest respect for, still have problems with it and may choose to vote against this bill, and I think that we can respectfully disagree. I understand their frustrations.

I also know that many -- many Americans share their concerns. But it's clear that, from my perspective, this is what we need to do right now to prevent the possibility of a crisis turning into a catastrophe. It is conceivable -- it's possible that if we did nothing everything would turn out okay. It's -- There -- There's a possibility that that's true. And there's no doubt that there may be other plans out there that, had we had two or three or six months to develop, might be even more refined and might serve our purposes better.

But we don't have that kind of time. And we can't afford to take a risk that the economy of the United States of America and, as a consequence, the worldwide economy could be plunged into a very, very deep hole. So to Democrats and Republicans who've opposed this plan, I say: Step up to the plate. Let's do what's right for the country at this time, because the time to act is now.

I know many Americans are wondering what happens next. And passing this bill can't be the end of our work to strengthen our economy; it must be the beginning. Because one thing I -- I think all of us who may end up supporting this bill understand is that, even if we get this in place, we could still have enormous problems and probably will have big problems in the economy over the next several months and potentially longer; because the fact is, is that we have seen some mismanagement of the fundamentals of the economy for a very long time, and we are not going to dig ourselves out of that hole immediately.

So this is not the end. This is the beginning. As soon as we pass this rescue plan, we need to move aggressively with the same sense of urgency to rescue families on Main Street who are struggling to pay their bills and keep their jobs. They've been in crisis a lot longer than Wall Street has.

I've said it before and I say it again: We need to pass an economic stimulus package that will help ordinary Americans cope with rising food and gas prices, that can save one million jobs rebuilding our schools, and roads, and our infrastructure, and help states and cities avoid budget cuts and tax increase[s], a -- a plan that would extend expiring unemployment benefits for those Americans who've lost their jobs and cannot find new ones. That's the right thing to do at a time when consumer confidence is down and we are in great danger of slipping into a big recession.

We also must do more in this rescue package in order to help homeowners stay in their homes. I will continue to advocate bankruptcy reforms. I know my colleague from Illinois, Dick Durbin, has been a strong champion of this, as have many. It is the right thing to do to change our bankruptcy laws so that people have a better chance of staying in their homes and we're not seeing communities devastated all across the country. And we should encourage Treasury to study the option of buying individual mortgages, like we did successfully in the 1930s.

And finally, while we all hope that this rescue package succeeds, we should be prepared to take more vigorous actions in the months ahead to rebuild capital, if it's necessary.

Now, just as families are planning for their future in tough times, Washington's going to have to do the same. Runaway spending and record deficits are not how families run their budgets. It can't be how Washington handles people's tax dollars. So we're going to have to return to the fiscal responsibility we had in the 1990s. And the next White House and the next Congress is going to have to work together to make sure that we go through our budget, we get rid of programs that don't work, that we make the ones that do work better and cost less. With less money flowing into the Treasury, some useful programs or policies might need to be delayed. And some might be -- need to be stretched out over a longer period of time.

But there are certain investments in our future that we cannot delay, precisely because our economy is in turmoil.

Mr. President, I've exceeded the time a little bit. I would like unanimous consent for a couple more minutes.

[Cross talk from the Floor]

Senate President: Is there objection? Seeing no objection --

Senator Obama: Thank you.

There are certain investments in our future that we can't delay precisely be -- because the economy's in turmoil. We can't wait to help Americans keep up with rising costs and shrinking paychecks, and we're going to do that by making sure that we are giving our workers a middle-class tax cut.

We can't wait to relieve the burden of crushing health care costs. We can't wait to create millions of new jobs by rebuilding our roads and our bridges, and investing in broadband lines in rural communities, and fixing our electricity grid so we can get renewable energy to population centers that need them. And we need to develop an energy policy that prevents us from sending 700 billion dollars a year to tyrants and dictators for their oil. We can't wait to educate the next generation of Americans with the skills and knowledge they need to compete with any workers anywhere in the world. These are the priorities we cannot delay.

Now, let me just close by saying this: I do not think this is going to be easy. It's not going to come without costs. We are all going to need to sacrifice. We're all going to need to pull our weight, because now, more than ever, we are all in this together. That's part of what this crisis has taught us -- that in the end of the day, there's no real separation between Wall Street and Main Street. There's only the road we're traveling on as Americans. And we will rise or fall on that journey as one nation and as one people.

I know that many Americans are feeling anxiety right now about their jobs, about their homes, about their life savings. But I also know this, that we can steer ourselves out of this crisis. We are -- always have. During the great financial crisis of the last century, in his first fireside chat, FDR told his fellow Americans that,

There is an element in the re-adjustment of our financial system more important than currency, more important than gold, and that is the confidence of the people themselves. Confidence and courage are the essentials of success in carrying out our plan.

Let us unite in banishing fear. Together we cannot fail. We cannot fail, not now, not tomorrow, not next year.

This is a nation that's faced down war and depression, great challenges and great threats. And at each and every moment, we have risen to meet up these challenges, not as Democrats, not as Republicans, but as Americans, with resolve and with confidence, with that fundamental belief that, here in America, our destiny is not written for us, it's written by us. And that's who we are. And that's the country I know we can be right now.

I want to thank again the extraordinary leadership of Chairman Dodd and Banking --  the Banking Committee, as well as Chairman Baucus and Majority Leader Reid. They have worked tirelessly. I want to thank the leadership in the House of Representatives.

I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important legislation, understanding that this will not solve all our problems. It is a necessary but not sufficient step to make sure that this economy once again works on behalf of all Americans in their pursuit of the American dream.

Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.

Hello, Chicago.

If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.

It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen; by people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the very first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different; that their voices could be that difference. 

It's the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled -- Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of Red States and Blue States: we are, and always will be, the United States of America!

It's the answer that -- that led those who have been told for so long by so many to be cynical, and fearful, and doubtful about what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.

It's been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.

A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain. Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign, and he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader. I congratulate him; I congratulate Governor Palin for all that they've achieved, and I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.

I want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton and rode with on the train home to Delaware, the Vice President-elect of the United States, Joe Biden. 

And I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last 16 years, the rock of our family, the love of my life, the nation's next First Lady: Michelle Obama. Sasha and Malia, I love you both more than you can imagine, and you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House. And while she's no longer with us, I know my grandmother's watching, along with the family that made me who I am. I miss them tonight, and I know that my debt to them is beyond measure. To my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters -- thank you so much for the support that you've given me. I am grateful to them.

And to my campaign manager, David Plouffe -- the unsung hero of this campaign, who built the best -- the best political campaign, I think, in the history of the United States of America. To my chief strategist David Axelrod -- who's been a partner with me every step of the way. To the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics -- you made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you've sacrificed to get it done.

But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to. It belongs to you. It belongs to you. I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn't start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington. It began in the backyards of Des Moines and the living rooms of Concord and the front porches of Charleston. It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give 5 dollars and 10 dollars and 20 dollars to the cause. It grew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation's apathy, who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep. It drew strength from the not-so-young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on doors of perfect strangers, and from the millions of Americans who volunteered and organized and proved that more than two centuries later a government of the people, by the people, and for the people has not perished from the Earth. This is your victory.

And I know you didn't do this just to win an election. And I know you didn't do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime: two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century. Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan to risk their lives for us. There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage or pay their doctors' bills or save enough for their child's college education. There's new energy to harness, new jobs to be created, new schools to build, and threats to meet, alliances to repair.

The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even in one term. But, America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there. I promise you, we as a people will get there.

There will be setbacks and false starts. There are many who won't agree with every decision or policy I make as President. And we know the government can't solve every problem. But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And, above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in America for 221 years -- block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand. What began 21 months ago in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night.

This victory alone is not the change we seek. It is only the chance for us to make that change. And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were. It can't happen without you, without a new spirit of service, a new spirit of sacrifice. So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism, of responsibility, where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves but each other. Let us remember that, if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers. In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people. Let's resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long.

Let's remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House, a Party founded on the values of self-reliance and individual liberty and national unity. Those are values that we all share. And while the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress. As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours: "We are not enemies but friends...." "Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection."¹

And to those Americans who -- whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices. I need your help. And I will be your President, too.

And to all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.

To those -- To those who would tear the world down: We will defeat you. To those who seek peace and security: We support you. And to all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright: Tonight we've proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity, and unyielding hope.

That's the true genius of America: that America can change. Our union can be perfected. What we've already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.

This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations. But one that's on my mind tonight's about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. She's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.

She was born just a generation past slavery; a time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky; when someone like her couldn't vote for two reasons: because she was a woman and because of the color of her skin.

And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America -- the heartache and the hope; the struggle and the progress; the times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes we can.

At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot: Yes we can.

When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose: Yes we can.

When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness and a democracy was saved: Yes we can.

She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that "we shall overcome": Yes we can.

A man touched down on the moon, a wall came down in Berlin, a world was connected by our own science and imagination.

And this year, in this election, she touched her finger to a screen, and cast her vote, because after 106 years in America, through the best of times and the darkest of hours, she knows how America can change: Yes we can.

America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves -- if our children should live to see the next century; if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made?

This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time, to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that, out of many, we are one;² that while we breathe, we hope. And where we are met with cynicism and doubt and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people: Yes, we can.

Thank you.

God bless you.

And may God bless the United States of America.

This morning we woke up to more sobering news about the state of our economy. The 240,000 jobs lost in October marks the 10th consecutive month that our economy has shed jobs. In total, we've lost nearly 1.2 million jobs this year, and more than 10 million Americans are now unemployed. Tens of millions of families are struggling to figure out how to pay the bills and stay in their homes. Their stories are an urgent reminder that we are facing the greatest economic challenge of our lifetime, and we're going to have to act swiftly to resolve it.

Now, the United States has only one government and one President at a time, and until January 20th of next year, that government is the current Administration. I've spoken to President Bush. I appreciate his commitment to ensuring that his economic policy team keeps us fully informed as developments unfold. And I'm also thankful for his invitation to the White House.

Immediately after I become President, I'm going to confront this economic crisis head-on by taking all necessary steps to ease the credit crisis, help hardworking families, and restore growth and prosperity.

This morning I met with members of my Transition Economic Advisory Board, who are standing behind me, alongside my Vice President-elect, Joe Biden. They will help to guide the work of my transition team, working with Rahm Emanuel, my Chief of Staff, in developing a strong set of policies to respond to this crisis. We discussed in the earlier meeting several of the most immediate challenges facing our economy and key priorities on which to focus on in the days and weeks ahead.

First of all, we need a rescue plan for the middle class that invests in immediate efforts to create jobs and provide relief to families that are watching their paychecks shrink and their life savings disappear. A particularly urgent priority is a further extension of -- of unemployment insurance benefits for workers who cannot find work in the increasingly weak economy. A fiscal stimulus plan that will jump-start economic growth is long overdue. I've talked about it throughout this -- the last few months of the campaign. We should get it done.

Second, we have to address the spreading impact of the financial crisis on the other sectors of our economy -- small businesses that are struggling to meet their payrolls and finance their holiday inventories, and state and municipal governments facing devastating budget cuts and tax increases. We must also remember that the financial crisis is increasingly global and requires a global response.

The news coming out of the auto industry this week reminds us of the hardship it faces -- hardship that goes far beyond individual auto companies to the countless suppliers, small businesses, and communities throughout our nation who depend on a vibrant American auto industry. The auto industry is the backbone of American manufacturing and a critical part of our attempt to reduce our dependence on foreign oil.

I would like to see the Administration do everything it can to accelerate the retooling assistance that Congress has already enacted. In addition, I have made it a high priority for my transition team to work on additional policy options to help the auto industry adjust, weather the financial crisis, and succeed in producing fuel-efficient cars here in the United States of America. And I was glad to be joined today by Governor Jennifer Granholm, who obviously has great knowledge and great interest on this issue. I've asked my team to explore what we can do under current law and whether additional legislation will be needed for this purpose.

Third, we will review the implementation of this Administration's financial program to ensure that the government's efforts are achieving their central goal of stabilizing financial markets while protecting taxpayers, helping homeowners, and not unduly rewarding the management of financial firms that are receiving government assistance. It is absolutely critical that the Treasury work closely with the FDIC, HUD, and other government agencies to use the substantial authority that they already have to help families avoid foreclosure and stay in their homes.

Finally, as we monitor and address these immediate economic challenges, we will be moving forward in laying out a set of policies that will grow our middle class and strengthen our economy in the long term. We cannot afford to wait on moving forward on the key priorities that I identified during the campaign, including clean energy, health care, education, and tax relief for middle-class families. My transition team will be working on each of these priorities in the weeks ahead, and I intend to reconvene this advisory board to discuss the best ideas for responding to these immediate problems.

Let me close by saying this: I do not underestimate the enormity of the task that lies ahead. We have taken some major action to date, and we will need further action during this transition and subsequent months. Some of the choices that we make are going to be difficult. And I have said before and I will repeat again: It is not going to be quick and it is not going to be easy for us to dig ourselves out of the hole that we are in, but America is a strong and resilient country. And I know we will succeed if we put aside partisanship and politics and work together as one nation. That's what I intend to do.

Let me begin by thanking the bipartisan group of U.S. Governors who convened this meeting.

Few challenges facing America -- and the world -- are more urgent than combating climate change. The science is beyond dispute and the facts are clear. Sea levels are rising. Coastlines are shrinking. We’ve seen record drought, spreading famine, and storms that are growing stronger with each passing hurricane season.

Climate change and our dependence on foreign oil, if left unaddressed, will continue to weaken our economy and threaten our national security.

I know many of you are working to confront this challenge. In particular, I want to commend Governor Sebelius, Governor Doyle, Governor Crist, Governor Blagojevich and your host, Governor Schwarzenegger. All of you have shown true leadership in the fight to combat global warming. And we’ve also seen a number of businesses doing their part by investing in clean energy technologies.

But too often, Washington has failed to show the same kind of leadership. That will change when I take office. My presidency will mark a new chapter in America’s leadership on climate change that will strengthen our security and create millions of new jobs in the process. That will start with a federal cap and trade system. We'll establish strong annual targets that set us on a course to reduce emissions to their 1990 levels by 2020 and reduce them an additional 80% by 2050. Further, we'll invest 15 billion dollars each year to catalyze private sector efforts to build a clean energy future. We'll invest in solar power, wind power, and next-generation biofuels. We'll tap nuclear power, while making sure it’s safe; and we'll develop clean coal technologies.

This investment will not only help us reduce our dependence on foreign oil, making the United States more secure; and it will not only help us bring about a clean energy future, saving the planet. It will also help us transform our industries and steer our country out of this economic crisis by generating five million new green jobs that pay well and can’t be outsourced.

The truth is, the United States can't meet this challenge alone. Solving this problem will require all of us working together. I understand that your meeting is being attended by government officials from over a dozen countries, including the UK, Canada, Mexico, Brazil and Chile, Poland and Australia, India and Indonesia. And I look forward to working with all nations to meet this challenge in the coming years.

Let me also say a special word to the delegates from around the world who will gather at Poland next month. Your work is vital to the planet. While I won’t be President at the time of your meeting and while the United States has only one President at a time, I’ve asked Members of Congress who are attending the conference as observers to report back to me on what they learn there. And once I take office, you can be sure that the United States will once again engage vigorously in these negotiations, and help lead the world toward a new era of global cooperation on climate change.

Now is the time to confront this challenge once and for all. Delay is no longer an option. Denial is no longer an acceptable response. The stakes are too high; the consequences too serious. Stopping climate change won’t be easy and it won’t happen overnight. But I promise you this: When I am President, any governor who’s willing to promote clean energy will have a partner in the White House. Any company that’s willing to invest in clean energy will have an ally in Washington. And any nation that’s willing to join the cause of combating climate change will have an ally in the United States of America.

Thank you.

The news this past week, including this morning’s news about Citigroup, has made it even more clear that we are facing an economic crisis of historic proportions. Our financial markets are under stress. New home purchases in October were the lowest in half-a-century. Recently, more than half-a-million jobless claims were filed, the highest in 18 years. And if we do not act swiftly and boldly, most experts now believe that we could lose millions of jobs next year.

While we can’t underestimate the challenges that we face, we also can’t underestimate our capacity to overcome them, to summon that spirit of determination and optimism that has always defined us, and to move forward in a new direction to create new jobs, reform our financial system, and fuel long-term economic growth.

We know this won’t be easy, and it won’t happen overnight. We’ll need to bring together the best minds in America to guide us, and that is what I’ve sought to do in assembling my economic team. I’ve sought leaders who could offer both sound judgment and fresh thinking, both a depth of experience and a wealth of bold, new ideas, and most of all who share my fundamental belief that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street without a thriving Main Street, that in this country we rise or fall as one nation, as one people.

Today, Vice President-elect Biden and I are pleased to announce the nomination of four individuals who meet these criteria to lead our economic team: Timothy Geithner, as secretary of treasury; Lawrence Summers, as the director of our National Economic Council; Christina Romer, as chair of the Council of Economic Advisers; and Melody Barnes, as director of domestic -- the Domestic Policy Council.

Having served in senior roles at Treasury, the IMF, and the New York Fed, Tim Geithner offers not just extensive experience shaping economic policy and managing financial markets, he also has an unparalleled understanding of our current economic crisis in all of its depth, complexity, and urgency. Tim will waste no time getting up to speed. He will start his first day on the job with a unique insight into the failures of today’s markets and a clear vision of the steps we must take to revive them. The reality is that the economic crisis we face is no longer just an American crisis; it’s a global crisis. And we will need to reach out to countries around the world to craft a global response. Tim’s extensive international experience makes him uniquely suited to do that work.

Growing up partly in Africa and having lived and worked throughout Asia, having served as undersecretary of the treasury for international affairs, one of the many roles in the international arena, and having studied both Chinese and Japanese, Tim understands the language of today’s international markets in more ways than one. Tim served with distinction under both Democrats and Republicans and has a long history of working comfortably and as an honest broker on both sides of the aisle. With stellar performances and outstanding results at every stage of his career, Tim has earned the confidence and respect of business, financial, and community leaders, members of Congress, and political leaders around the world. And I know he will do so once again as America’s next treasury secretary, the chief economic spokesman for my Administration.

Now, like Tim, Larry Summers also brings a singular combination of skill, intellect, and experience to the role he will play in our Administration. As undersecretary, deputy secretary, and then secretary of the treasury, Larry helped guide us through several major international financial crises and was a central architect of the policies that led to the longest economic expansion in American history, with record surpluses, rising family incomes, and more than 20 million new jobs. He also championed a range of measures, from tax credits to enhanced lending programs to consumer financial protections, that greatly benefited middle-income families.

As a thought leader, Larry has urged us to confront the problems of income inequality and the middle-class squeeze, consistently arguing that the key to a strong economy is a strong, vibrant, growing middle class. This idea is at the core of my own economic philosophy and will be the foundation of all of my economic policies.

And as one of the great economic minds of our time, Larry has earned a global reputation for being able to cut to the heart of the most complex and novel policy challenges. With respect to both our current financial crisis and other pressing economic issues of our time, his thinking, writing, and speaking have set the terms of the debate. I’m glad he will be by my side, playing the critical role of coordinating my Administration’s economic policy in the White House, and I will rely heavily on his advice as we navigate the uncharted waters of this economic crisis.

As one of the most expert people in America on economic crises and how to solve them, my next nominee, Christina Romer, will bring a critically needed perspective to her work as chair of my Council of Economic Advisors. Christina is both a leading -- both a leading macroeconomist and a leading economic historian, perhaps best known for her work on America’s recovery from the Great Depression and the robust economic expansion that followed.

Since 2003, she’s been co-director of the National Bureau of Economic Research Monetary Economics program. She’s also a member of the bureau’s Business Cycle Dating Committee, the body charged with officially determining whether a recession has started and ended, experience which will serve her well as she advises me on our current economic challenges. Christina has done groundbreaking research on many of the topics our Administration will confront, from tax policy to fighting recessions. And her clear-eyed, independent analyses have received praise from both conservative and liberal thinkers alike. I look forward to her wise counsel in the White House.

Finally, we know that rebuilding our economy will require action on a great variety of fronts: from education and health care to energy and Social Security. Without sound policies in these areas, we can neither enjoy sustained economic growth nor realize our full potential as a people. So I am extraordinarily pleased that Melody Barnes, one of the most respected policy experts in America, will serve as my director of domestic -- the Domestic Policy Council, and that she will be working hand in hand with my economic policy team to chart a course to economic recovery. An integral part of that course will be health care reform, and she will work closely with my secretary of health and human services on that issue.

As executive vice president for policy at the Center of -- at the Center for American Progress, Melody directed a network of policy experts dedicated to finding solutions for struggling middle-class families. She also served as chief counsel to the great Senator Ted Kennedy on the state -- Senate Judiciary Committee, working on issues ranging from crime to immigration to bankruptcy, and fighting tirelessly to protect civil rights, women’s rights, and religious freedom. Melody’s brilliant legal mind and her long experience working to secure the liberties on which this nation was founded, as well as to secure the opportunities for those who’ve been left behind, make her a perfect fit for DPC director.

I'm grateful that Tim, Larry, Christina, and Melody have accepted my nomination, and I am looking forward to working closely with them in the months ahead. That work starts today, because the truth is, we do not have a minute to waste. Right now, our economy is trapped in a vicious cycle: The turmoil on Wall Street means a new round of belt-tightening for families and businesses on Main Street, and as folks produce less and consume less, that just deepens the problems in our financial markets. These extraordinary stresses on our financial system require extraordinary policy responses. And my Administration will honor the public commitments made by the current Administration to address this crisis.

Further, beyond any immediate actions we may take, we need a recovery plan for both Wall Street and Main Street, a plan that stabilizes our financial system and gets credit flowing again, while at the same time addressing our growing foreclosure crisis, helping our struggling auto industry, and creating and saving 2.5 million jobs, jobs rebuilding our infrastructure, our roads, our bridges, modernizing our schools, and creating the clean energy infrastructure of the 21st century. Because at this moment, we need to restore both confidence in the markets and restore confidence of middle-class families, who find themselves working harder, earning less, and falling further and further behind.

I’ve asked my economic team to develop recommendations for this plan and to consult with Congress, the current Administration, and the Federal Reserve on immediate economic developments over the next two months. I’ve requested that they brief me on these matters on a daily basis. And in the coming weeks, I will provide the American people and the incoming Congress with an overview of their initial recommendations. It is my hope that the new Congress will begin work on an aggressive economic recovery plan when they convene in early January so that our Administration can hit the ground running.

With our economy in distress, we cannot hesitate and we cannot delay. Our families can’t afford to keep on waiting and hoping for a solution. They can’t afford to watch another month of unpaid bills pile up, another semester of tuition slip out of reach, another month where, instead of saving for retirement, they’re dipping into their savings just to get by. And I want to repeat: This will not be easy. There are no shortcuts or quick fixes to this crisis, which has been many years in the making, and the economy is likely to get worse before it gets better. Full recovery will not happen immediately. And to make the investments we need, we’ll have to scour our federal budget, line by line, and make meaningful cuts and sacrifices, as well, something I’ll be discussing further tomorrow.

Despite all of this, I am hopeful about the future. I have full confidence in the wisdom and ingenuity of my economic team and in the hard work, courage, and sacrifice of the American people. And most of all, I believe deeply in the resilience and the spirit of this nation. I know we can work our way out of this crisis because we’ve done it before. And I know we will succeed once again if we put aside partisanship and politics and work together.

That’s exactly what I intend to do as President of the United States.

Please be seated. Good morning, everybody.

Yesterday we talked about the need to jump-start our economy. I speak to you today, mindful that we meet at a moment of great challenge for America, as our credit markets are stressed, and our families are struggling. But as difficult as these times are, I’m confident that we're going to rise to meet this challenge -- if we’re willing to band together and recognize that Wall Street cannot thrive so long as Main Street is struggling; if we’re willing to summon a new spirit of ingenuity and determination; and if Americans of great intellect, broad experience, and good character are willing to serve in our government at its hour of need.

Yesterday, I announced four such Americans to help lead the economic team that will advise me as we seek to climb out of this crisis. Today, I'm pleased to announce two other key members of our team: Peter Orszag as Director, and Robert Nabors as Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget.

Before I explain why I selected these outstanding public servants, let me say a few words about the work that I'm asking them to undertake. As I said yesterday, the economic crisis we face demands that we invest immediately in a series of measures that will help save or create two and a half million jobs and put tax cuts in the pockets of the hard-pressed middle class. Many of those new jobs will come in areas such as energy independence, technology, and health care modernization that will strengthen our economy over the long term.

But if we are going to make the investments we need, we also have to be willing to shed the spending that we don’t need. In these challenging times, when we're facing both rising deficits and a shrinking economy, budget reform is not an option; it's a necessity. We can't sustain a system that bleeds billions of taxpayer dollars on programs that have outlived their usefulness, or exist solely because of the power of politicians, lobbyists, or interest groups. We simply can't afford it.

This isn’t about big government or small government. It’s about building a smarter government that focuses on what works. That's why I will ask my new team to think anew and act anew to meet our new challenges. We are going to go through our federal budget, as I promised during the campaign -- page by page, line by line -- eliminating those programs we don’t need, and insisting that those that we do need operate in a sensible, cost-effective way.

Let me just give you one example of what I’m talking about. There’s a report today from -- that from 2003 to 2006, millionaire farmers received 49 million dollars in crop subsidies even though they were earning more than the 2.5 million cutoff for such subsidies. Now, if this is true -- and this was just a report this morning -- but if it's true, it is a prime example of the kind of waste that I intend to end as President.

We're also going to focus on one of the biggest, long-run challenges that our budget faces -- namely, the rising cost of health care in both the public and private sectors. This is not just a challenge but also an opportunity to improve the health care that Americans rely on and to bring down the costs that taxpayers, businesses, and families have to pay.

Now, that's what the Office of Management and Budget will do in my Administration. It will not only help design a budget and manage its implementation, but it's also going to make sure that our government -- your government -- is more efficient and more effective at serving the American people.

And there is no better person to help lead this effort as Director of the OMB than my friend Peter Orszag. Peter's been one of our nation’s leading voices on budgetary issues. It's said that a nation’s budget reflects its values and its priorities. I believe that's true. And I know that Peter will bring to his work at the OMB a set of priorities that I -- and the American people -- share.

Throughout his career, he's made significant contributions in our understanding of all the major economic challenges that we're now confronting -- from reducing medical costs to saving Social Security to fighting global climate change to helping put the dream of a college degree within the reach for more students. As Director of the Congressional Budget Office, he reenergized and reinvigorated the agency, while shifting its focus to confront the health care crisis that is not only a cause of so much suffering for so many families, but a rapidly growing portion of our budget and a drag on our entire economy.

But it's not simply that Peter’s past career makes him qualified for this new appointment; it's also that he has a vision for the future that I share. He believes, as I do, that even as we take steps to restore discipline to our budget, we also have to take -- take the steps right now that are necessary to solve our immediate crisis. Peter doesn’t need a map to tell him where the bodies are buried in the federal budget. He knows what works and what doesn’t, what's worthy of our precious tax dollars and what is not. Just because a program, a special interest tax break, or corporate subsidy is hidden in this year’s budget, does not mean that it will survive the next. The old ways of Washington simply can’t meet the challenges of today and tomorrow.

And no one's more able or more qualified to assist Peter in this work than Deputy Director of the OMB that I am nominating, Robert Nabors. Rob will bring to this post experience in the Executive Branch, at the OMB, where he helped the Clinton Administration achieve balanced budgets, as well as in the Legislative Branch, where he led the Appropriations Committee staff as a driving force for a responsible budget. Together, Peter and Rob will help steer our budget through Congress so that I can sign it into law.

Now, let me be clear: These appointments, as well as the appointments that I announced yesterday, are not the sum of my economic team. These appointments are going to work closely with those that I have not ye[t] announced -- those including the secretaries of Energy and Labor, Commerce, and Health and Human Services, as well as others in my Administration -- to design a recovery path for both Wall Street and Main Street, and to put our economy on a path to long-term growth and prosperity.

Because at this moment, we must not only restore confidence in our markets. We also must restore the confidence of middle class families that their government is on their side, that it’s working for them and on their behalf to meet their families’ needs.

That's what I intend to do as President of the United States.

Good morning, everybody. I hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving.

Last week, we announced our economic team, which is working as we speak to craft an Economic Recovery Program to create jobs and grow our struggling economy. Today, Vice President-elect Biden and I are pleased to announce our national security team.

The national security challenges we face are just as grave -- and just as urgent -- as our economic crisis. We are fighting two wars. Our old conflicts remain unresolved, and newly assertive powers have put strains on the international system. The spread of nuclear weapons raises the peril that the world’s deadliest technologies could fall into dangerous hands. Our dependence on foreign oil empowers authoritarian governments and endangers our planet.

America must also be strong at home to be strong abroad. We need to provide education and opportunity to all our citizens, so every American can compete with anyone, anywhere. And our economic power must sustain our military strength, our diplomatic leverage, and our global leadership.

The common thread linking these challenges is the fundamental reality that in the 21st century, our destiny is shared with the world's. From our markets to our security, from our public health to our climate, we must act with the understanding that, now more than ever, we have a stake in what happens across the globe. And as we learned so painfully on 9/11, terror cannot be contained by borders, nor safety provided by oceans alone.

Last week, we were reminded of this threat once again when terrorists took the lives of six American among nearly 200 victims in Mumbai. In the world we seek, there is no place for those who kill innocent civilians to advance hateful extremism. This weekend, I told Prime Minister Singh of India that Americans stand with the people of India in this dark time. And I am confident that India's great democracy is more resilient than killers who would tear it down.

And so, in this uncertain world, the time has come for a new beginning -- a new dawn of American leadership to overcome the challenges of the 21st century, and to seize the opportunities embedded in those challenges. We will strengthen our capacity to defeat our enemies and support our friends. We will renew old alliances and forge new and enduring partnerships. We will show the world once more that America is relentless in the defense of our people, steady in advancing our interests, and committed to the ideals that shine as a beacon to the world: democracy and justice; opportunity and unyielding hope -- because American values are America’s greatest export to the world.

To succeed, we must pursue a new strategy that skillfully uses, balances, and integrates all elements of American power: our military and diplomacy; our intelligence and law enforcement; our economy and the power of our moral example. The team that we've assembled here today is uniquely suited to do just that.

In their past service and plans for the future, these men and women represent all of those elements of American power, and the very best of the American example. They've served in uniform and as diplomats; they have worked as legislators, law enforcement officials, and executives. They share my pragmatism about the use of power, and my sense of purpose about America's role as a leader in the world.

I have known Hillary Clinton as a friend, a colleague, a source of counsel, and as a campaign opponent. She possesses an extraordinary intelligence and a remarkable work ethic. I am proud that she will be our next Secretary of State. She is an American of tremendous stature who will have my complete confidence, who knows many of the world's leaders, who will command respect in every capitol, and who will clearly have the ability to advance our interests around the world.

Hillary’s appointment is a sign to friend and foe of the seriousness of my commitment to renew American diplomacy and restore our alliances. There is much to do -- from preventing the spread of nuclear weapons to Iran and North Korea, to seeking a lasting peace between Israel and the Palestinians, to strengthening international institutions. I have no doubt that Hillary Clinton is the right person to lead our State Department, and to work with me in tackling this ambitious foreign policy agenda.

At a time when we face unprecedented transition amidst two wars, I've have asked Robert Gates to continue as Secretary of Defense, and I'm pleased that he's accepted. Two years ago, he took over the Pentagon at a difficult time. He restored accountability. He won the confidence of military commanders and the trust of our brave men and women in uniform, as well as their families. He earned the respect of members of Congress on both sides of the aisle for his pragmatism and competence. He knows that we need a sustainable national security strategy -- and that includes a bipartisan consensus at home.

As I said throughout the campaign, I will be giving Secretary Gates and our military a new mission as soon as I take office: responsibly ending the war in Iraq through a successful transition to Iraqi control. We will also ensure that we have the strategy and resources to succeed against al Qaeda and the Taliban. As Bob said not too long ago, Afghanistan is where the war on terror began, and it is where it must end. And going forward, we will continue to make the investments necessary to strengthen our military and increase our ground forces to defeat the threats of the 21st century.

Eric Holder has the talent and commitment to succeed as Attorney General from his first day on the job, which is even more important in a transition that demands vigilance. He has distinguished himself as a prosecutor, a judge, and a senior official, and he is deeply familiar with the law enforcement challenges we face -- from terrorism to counter-intelligence, from white collar crime to public corruption. Eric also has the combination of toughness and independence that we need at the Justice Department. Let me be clear: The Attorney General serves the American people. And I have every expectation that Eric will protect our people, uphold the public trust, and adhere to our Constitution.

Janet Napolitano offers the experience and executive skills we need in the next Secretary of Homeland Security. She has spent her career protecting people -- as a US Attorney, an Attorney General, and as the Governor of Arizona. She understands the need for a Department of Homeland Security that has the capacity to help prevent terrorist attacks and respond to catastrophe -- be it manmade or natural. Janet assumes this critical role having learned the lessons -- some of them painful -- of the last several years, from 9/11 to Katrina. She insists on competence and accountability. She knows firsthand the need to have a partner in Washington that works well with state and local governments. She understands as well as anyone the danger of an unsecure border. And she will be a leader who can reform a sprawling Department while safeguarding our homeland.

Susan Rice will take on the crucial task of serving as Permanent Representative of the United States to the United Nations. Susan has been a close and trusted advisor. As in previous Administrations, the UN Ambassador will serve as a member of my cabinet and an integral member of my team. Her background as a scholar, on the National Security Council, and Assistant Secretary of State will serve our nation well at the United Nations. Susan knows that the global challenges we face demand global institutions that work. She shares my belief that the UN is an indispensable and imperfect forum. She will carry the message that our commitment to multilateral action must be coupled with a commitment to reform. We need the United Nations to be more effective as a venue for collective action -- against terror and proliferation, climate change and genocide, poverty and disease.

Finally, I am convinced that General James Jones is uniquely suited to be a strong and skilled National Security Advisor. Generations of Joneses have served heroically on the battlefield -- from the beaches of Tarawa in World War II, to Foxtrot Ridge in Vietnam. Jim's Silver Star is a proud part of that legacy. He will bring to the job the dual experience of serving in uniform and as a diplomat. He has commanded a platoon in battle, served as Supreme Allied Commander in a time of war, and worked on behalf of peace in the Middle East. Jim is focused on the threats of today and the future. He understands the connection between energy and national security, and has worked on the frontlines of global instability – from Kosovo to northern Iraq to Afghanistan. He will advise me and work effectively to integrate our efforts across the government, so that we are effectively using all elements of American power to defeat unconventional threats and promote our values.

I am confident that this team is what we need to make a new beginning for American national security. This morning, we met to discuss the situation in Mumbai and some of the challenges that we face in the months and years ahead. In the coming weeks, I will be in close contact with these advisors, who will be working with their counterparts in the Bush Administration to make sure that we are ready to hit the ground running on January 20th. Given the range of threats that we face and the vulnerability that can be a part of every presidential transition, I hope that we can proceed swiftly for those national security officials who demand confirmation.

We move forward with the humility that comes with knowing that there are brave men and women protecting us on our front lines: diplomats and intelligence officers in dangerous corners of the world, troops serving their second, third, or fourth tours; FBI agents in the field, cops on the beat, prosecutors in our courts, and cargo inspectors at our ports. These selfless Americans whose names are unknown to most of us will form the backbone of our effort. If we serve as well as they are serving, we will protect our country and promote our values.

And as we move forward with respect for America's tradition of a bipartisan national security policy and a commitment to national unity, we have to recall that when it comes to keeping our nation and our people safe, we are not Republicans or Democrats: We are Americans. There's no monopoly of power or wisdom in either party. Together, as one nation, as one people, we can shape our times instead of being shaped by them. Together, we will meet the challenges of the 21st century not with fear, but with hope.

Morning, everybody.

Last week, Vice President-Elect Biden and I began the process of announcing our economic team. Today, we are pleased to name another key member of this team: our nominee for Secretary of Commerce, my great friend, Governor Bill Richardson.

With each passing day, the work our team has begun, developing plans to revive our economy, becomes more urgent. Earlier this week, we learned that the U.S. economy has been in recession since December of 2007 and that our manufacturing output is at a 26 year low -- two stark reminders of the magnitude of the challenges we face.

But while I know rebuilding our economy won’t be easy -- and it won’t be -- happen overnight -- I also know this: that right now, somewhere in America, a small business is at work with the next big idea; a scientist is on the cusp of the next big breakthrough discovery; an entrepreneur is sketching plans for the startup that will revolutionize an industry. Right now, across America, the finest products in the world are rolling off our assembly lines. And the proudest, most determined, most productive workers in the world are on the job -- some, already on their second shift of the day; many, putting in longer hours than ever before.

After nearly two years of traveling across this country, meeting with workers, visiting businesses large and small, I am more confident than ever that we have everything we need to renew our economy. We've got the ingenuity, the technology, the skill, and commitment; we just need to put it to work. It’s time to not just address the immediate economic threats, but to start laying the groundwork for long-term prosperity to help American businesses grow and thrive at home, and expand our efforts to promote American enterprise around the world.

This work is the core mission of the Secretary of Commerce. And with his breadth and depth of experience in public life, Governor Richardson is uniquely suited for this role as a leading economic diplomat for America. During his time in state government and Congress, and in tour -- two tours of duty in the cabinet, Bill has seen from just about every angle what makes our economy work and what keeps it from working better.

As Governor of New Mexico, Bill showed how government can act as a partner to support our businesses, helping to create 80,000 new jobs. And under his leadership, New Mexico saw the lowest unemployment rate in decades.

As a former Secretary of Energy, Bill understands the steps we must take to build a new, clean-energy industry and create the green jobs of the twenty-first century --  jobs that pay well and won’t be outsourced; jobs that will help us end our dependence on foreign oil.

And as a former Ambassador to the United Nations, Bill brings both international stature and a deep understanding of today’s global economy. He understands that the success of today’s business in Detroit or Columbus often depends on whether it can sell products in places like Santiago or Shanghai. And he knows that America’s reputation in the world is critical not just to our security, but to our prosperity -- (excuse me) -- that when the citizens of the world respect America’s leadership, they are more likely to buy America’s products.

To this crucial work of restoring America’s international standing, Bill will bring a leadership style all his own. Bill has never been content to just learn from briefing books, never satisfied with only the official version of the story. During his time in Congress, he held more than two -- 2,500 town-hall meetings, so he could hear directly from constituents. He was a regular in the U.N. cafeteria, mixing it up with U.N. employees over lunch. And during his 2002 campaign for record -- for Governor, he actually broke a world record by shaking nearly 14,000 hands in just eight hours.

(I've got to check that statistic.)

All of this reflects a determination to reach out and understand where people are coming from, what they hope for, and what he can do to help. This approach, I believe, has been the key to Bill’s success as a negotiator and will be key to his work on the critical functions of the Commerce Department -- from administering our census and monitoring our climate to protecting our intellectual property and restoring our economic diplomacy.

In the end, Bill Richardson is a leader who shares my values, and he must -- and he will be measured his progress the same way I do. Are we creating good jobs instead of losing them? Are incomes growing instead of shrinking? I know Bill will be an unyielding advocate for American business and American jobs at home and around the world. And I look forward to working with him in the years ahead.

Let me begin by thanking George Mason University for their extraordinary hospitality and to thank all the great friends, the governors, the mayors who are in attendance here today.

Throughout America's history, there have been some years that simply rolled into the next without much notice or fanfare. And then there are the years that come along once in a generation, the kind that mark a clean break from a troubled past and set a new course for our nation. This is one of those years.

We start 2009 in the midst of a crisis unlike any we have seen in our lifetime, a crisis that has only deepened over the last few weeks. Nearly two million jobs have been now lost. And on Friday, we're likely to learn that we lost more jobs last year than at any time since World War II. Just in the past year, another 2.8 million Americans who want and need full-time work have had to settle for part-time jobs. Manufacturing has hit a 28-year low. Many businesses cannot borrow or make payroll. Many families cannot pay their bills or their mortgage. Many workers are watching their life savings disappear. And many, many Americans are both anxious and uncertain of what the future will hold.

Now, I don't believe it's too late to change course, but it will be if we don't take dramatic action as soon as possible. If nothing is done, this recession could linger for years. The unemployment rate could reach double digits. Our economy could fall 1 trillion dollars short of its full capacity, which translates into more than 12,000 dollars in lost income for a family of four. We could lose a generation of potential and promise as more young Americans are forced to forego dreams of college or the chance to train for the jobs of the future. And our nation could lose the competitive edge that has served as a foundation for our strength and our standing in the world. In short, a bad situation could become dramatically worse.

This crisis did not happen solely by some accident of history or normal turn of the business cycle. And we won't get out of it by simply waiting for a better day to come or relying on the worn-out dogmas of the past. We arrived at this point due to an era of profound irresponsibility that stretched from corporate board rooms to the halls of power in Washington, D.C.

For years, too many Wall Street executives made imprudent and dangerous decisions, seeking profits with too little regard for risk, too little regulatory scrutiny, and too little accountability. Banks made loans without concern for whether borrowers could repay them, and some borrowers took advantage of cheap credit to take on debt they couldn't afford. Politicians spent taxpayer money without wisdom or discipline and too often focused on scoring political points instead of problems they were sent here to solve. The result has been a devastating loss of trust and confidence in our economy, our financial markets, and our government.

Now, the very fact that this crisis is largely of our own making means that it's not beyond our ability to solve. Our problems are rooted in past mistakes, not our capacity for future greatness. It will take time -- perhaps many years -- but we can rebuild that lost trust and confidence. We can restore opportunity and prosperity. We should never forget that our workers are still more productive than any on Earth. Our universities are still the envy of the world. We are still home to the most brilliant minds, the most creative entrepreneurs, and the most advanced technology and innovation that history has ever known. And we are still the nation that has overcome great fears and improbable odds. If we act with the urgency and seriousness that this moment requires, I know that we can do it again.

That is why I have moved quickly to work with my economic team and leaders of both parties on an American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan that will immediately jump-start job creation and long-term growth. It's a plan that represents not just new policy, but a whole new approach to meeting our most urgent challenges. For if we hope to end this crisis, we must end the culture of anything goes that helped create it, and this change must begin in Washington. It's time to trade old habits for a new spirit of responsibility. It's time to finally change the ways of Washington so that we can set a new and better course for America.

There is no doubt that the cost of this plan will be considerable. It will certainly add to the budget deficit in the short term. But equally certain are the consequences of doing too little or nothing at all, for that will lead to an even greater deficit of jobs, incomes, and confidence in our economy.

It is true that we cannot depend on government alone to create jobs or long-term growth. But at this particular moment, only government can provide the short-term boost necessary to lift us from a recession this deep and severe. Only government can break the cycle that are [sic] crippling our economy, where a lack of spending leads to lost jobs, which leads to even less spending, where an inability to lend and borrow stops growth and leads to even less credit. That's why we need to act boldly and act now to reverse these cycles. That's why we need to put money in the pockets of the American people, create new jobs, and invest in our future. That's why we need to restart the flow of credit and restore the rules of the road that will ensure a crisis like this never happens again.

Now this plan begins with -- this plan must begin today, a plan I am confident will save or create at least three million jobs over the next few years. It's not just another public works program. It's a plan that recognizes both the paradox and promise of this moment: the fact that there are millions of Americans trying to find work, even as all around the country there's so much work to be done. And that's why we'll invest in priorities like energy and education, health care and a new infrastructure that are necessary to keep us strong and competitive in the 21st century. That's why the overwhelming majority of the jobs created will be in the private sector, while our plan will save the public sector jobs of teachers, police officers, firefighters, and others who provide vital services.

To finally spark the creation of a clean energy economy, we will double the production of alternative energy in the next three years. We will modernize more than 75 percent of federal buildings and improve the energy efficiency of 2 million American homes, saving consumers and taxpayers billions on our energy bills.

In the process, we will put Americans to work in new jobs that pay well and can't be outsourced, jobs building solar panels and wind turbines, constructing fuel-efficient cars and buildings, and developing the new energy technologies that will lead to even more jobs, more savings, and a cleaner, safer planet in the bargain.

To improve the quality of our health care while lowering its cost, we will make the immediate investments necessary to ensure that, within five years, all of America's medical records are computerized. This will cut waste, eliminate red tape and reduce the need to repeat expensive medical tests. But it just won't save billions of dollars and thousands of jobs; it will save lives by reducing the deadly but preventable medical errors that pervade our health care system.

To give our children the chance to live out their dreams in a world that's never been more competitive, we will equip tens of thousands of schools, community colleges, and public universities with 21st century classrooms, labs, and libraries. We'll provide new computers, new technology, and new training for teachers so that students in Chicago and Boston can compete with children in Beijing for the high-tech, high-wage jobs of the future.

To build an economy that can lead this future, we will begin to rebuild America. Yes, we'll put people to work repairing crumbling roads, bridges, and schools by eliminating the backlog of well-planned, worthy, and needed infrastructure projects. But we'll also do more to retrofit America for a global economy. That means updating the way we get our electricity by starting to build a new smart grid that will save us money, protect our power sources from blackout or attack, and deliver clean, alternative forms of energy to every corner of our nation. It means expanding broadband lines across America, so that a small business in a rural town can connect and compete with their counterparts anywhere in the world. It means investing in the science, research, and technology that will lead to new medical breakthroughs, new discoveries, and entire new industries.

And finally, this recovery and reinvestment plan will provide immediate relief to states, workers, and families who are bearing the brunt of this recession. To get people spending again, 95% of working families will receive a thousand dollar tax cut -- the first stage of a middle-class tax cut that I promised during the campaign and will include in our next budget. To help Americans who have lost their jobs and can't find new ones, we'll continue the bipartisan extension of unemployment insurance and health care coverage to help them through this crisis. Government at every level will have to tighten its belt, but we'll help struggling states avoid harmful budget cuts, as long as they take responsibility and use the money to maintain essential services like police, fire, education, and health care.

Now I understand that some might be skeptical of this plan. Our government has already spent a good deal of money, but we haven't yet seen that translate into more jobs or higher incomes or renewed confidence in our economy. And that's why the American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan won't just throw money at our problems; we'll invest in what works. The true test of policies we'll pursue won't be whether they're Democratic or Republican ideas, whether they're conservative or liberal ideas, but whether they create jobs, grow our economy, and put the American Dream within the reach of the American people.

Instead of politicians doling out money behind a veil of secrecy, decisions about where we invest will be made transparently, and informed by independent experts wherever possible. Every American will be able to hold Washington accountable for these decisions by going online to see how and where their taxpayer dollars are being spent. And as I announced yesterday, we will launch an unprecedented effort to eliminate unwise and unnecessary spending that has never been more unaffordable for our nation and our children's future than it is right now.

We have to make tough choices and smart investments today so that as the economy recovers, the deficits start coming down. We cannot have a solid recovery if our people and our businesses don't have confidence that we're getting our fiscal house in order. And that's why our goal is not to create a slew of new government programs, but a foundation for long-term economic growth. That also means an economic recovery plan that is free from earmarks and pet projects. I understand that every member of Congress has ideas about how to spend money. Many of these projects are worthy. They benefit local communities. But this emergency legislation must not be the vehicle for those aspirations. This must be a time when leaders in both parties put the urgent needs of our nation above our own narrow interests.

Now, this recovery plan alone will not solve all the problems that led us into this crisis. We must also work with the same sense of urgency to stabilize and repair the financial system we all depend on. That means using our full arsenal of tools to get credit flowing again to families and businesses, while restoring confidence in our markets. It means launching a sweeping effort to address the foreclosure crisis so that we can keep responsible families in their homes. It means preventing the catastrophic failure of financial institutions whose collapse could endanger the entire economy, but only with maximum protections for taxpayers and a clear understanding that government support for any company is an extraordinary action that must come with significant restrictions on the firms that receive support. And it means reforming a weak and outdated regulatory system so that we can better withstand financial shocks and better protect consumers, investors, and businesses from the reckless greed and risk-taking that must never endanger our prosperity again.

No longer can we allow Wall Street wrongdoers to slip through regulatory cracks. No longer can we allow special interests to put their thumbs on the economic scales. No longer can we allow the unscrupulous lending and borrowing that leads only to destructive cycles of bubble and bust. It is time to set a new course for this economy, and that change must begin now.

We should have an open and honest discussion about this recovery plan in the days ahead, but I urge Congress to move as quickly as possible on behalf of the American people. For every day we wait or point fingers or drag our feet, more Americans will lose their jobs. More families will lose their savings. More dreams will be deferred and denied. And our nation will sink deeper into a crisis that, at some point, we may not be able to reverse.

That is not the country I know. It is not a future I accept as President of the United States. A world that depends on the strength of our economy is now watching and waiting for America to lead once more. And that is what we will do.

It will not come easy or happen overnight, and it is altogether likely that things may get worse before they get better. But that is all the more reason for Congress to act without delay. I know the scale of this plan is unprecedented, but so is the severity of our situation. We have already tried the wait-and-see approach to our problems, and it is the same approach that helped lead us to this day of reckoning.

And that is why the time has come to build a 21st century economy in which hard work and responsibility are once again rewarded. That's why I'm asking Congress to work with me and my team day and night, on weekends if necessary, to get the plan passed in the next few weeks. That's why I'm calling on all Americans -- Democrats and Republicans and Independents -- to put -- to put good ideas ahead of the old ideological battles; a sense of common purpose above the same narrow partisanship; and insist that the first question each of us asks isn't, "What's good for me?" but "What's good for the country my children will inherit?"

More than any program or policy, it is this spirit that will enable us to confront these challenges with the same spirit that has led previous generations to face down war, and depression, and fear itself. And if we do, if we are able to summon that spirit again, if we are able to look out for one another, and listen to one another, and do our part for our nation and for posterity, then I have no doubt that years from now, we will look back on 2009 as one of those years that marked another new and hopeful beginning for the United States of America.

Thank you, God Bless You, and may God Bless America.

Hello America!

I want to thank all the speakers and performers today for reminding us, through song and through words, just what it is that we love about America. I want to thank all of you for braving the cold and the crowds and traveling in some cases thousands of miles to join us here today. Welcome to Washington, and welcome to this celebration of American renewal.

In the course of our history, only a handful of generations have been asked to confront challenges as serious as the ones we face right now. Our nation is at war. Our economy is in crisis. Millions of Americans are losing their jobs and their homes. They're worried about how they'll afford college for their kids or pay the stack of bills on their kitchen table. And most of all, they're anxious and uncertain about the future -- about whether this generation of Americans will be able to pass on what's best about this country to our children and their children.

I won't pretend that meeting any one of these challenges will be easy. It will take more than a month or a year, and it will likely take many. Along the way there will be setbacks and false starts and days that test our resolve as a nation.

But despite all this -- despite the enormity of the task that lies ahead -- I stand here today as hopeful as ever that the United States of America will endure, that it will prevail, that the dream of our Founders will live on in our time.

What gives me hope is what I see when I look out across this mall. For in these monuments are chiseled those unlikely stories that affirm our unyielding faith -- a faith that anything is possible in America. Rising before us stands a memorial to a man who led a small band of farmers and shopkeepers in revolution against the army of an empire, all for the sake of an idea. 

On the ground below is a tribute to a generation that withstood war and depression -- men and women like my grandparents who toiled on bomber assembly lines and marched across Europe to free the world from tyranny's grasp. Directly in front of us is a pool that still reflects the dream of a King, and the glory of a people who marched and bled so that their children might be judged by their character's content. And behind me, watching over the union he saved, sits the man who in so many ways made this day possible.

And yet, as I stand here today, what gives me the greatest hope of all is not the stone and marble that surrounds us, but what -- what fills the spaces in between. It is you -- Americans of every race and region and station who came here because you believe in what this country can be and because you want to help us get there.

It's the same thing that gave me hope from the day we began this campaign for the presidency nearly two years ago: a belief that if we could just recognize ourselves in one another and bring everyone together -- Democrats, Republicans, Independents; Latino, Asian and Native American; black and white, gay and straight, disabled and not -- then not only would we restore hope and opportunity in places that yearned for both, but maybe, just maybe, we might perfect our union in the process.

This is what I believed, but you made this belief real. You proved once more that people who love this country can change it. And as I prepare to assume the presidency, yours are the voices I will take with me every day when I walk into that Oval Office -- the voices of men and women who have different stories but hold common hopes; who ask only for what was promised us as Americans -- that we might make of our lives what we will and see our children climb higher than we did.

It is this thread that binds us together in common effort; that runs through every memorial on this mall; that connects us to all those who struggled and sacrificed and stood here before. It is how this nation has overcome the greatest differences and the longest odds -- because there is no obstacle that can stand in the way of millions of voices calling for change. That is the belief with which we began this campaign, and that is how we will overcome what ails us now.

There is no doubt that our road will be long, that our climb will be steep. But never forget that the true character of our nation is revealed not during times of comfort and ease, but by the right we do when the moment is hard. I ask you to help reveal that character once more, and together, we can carry forward as one nation, and one people, the legacy of our forefathers that we celebrate today.

Thank you, America. God bless you.

I, Barack Hussein Obama, do solemnly swear that I will execute the office of the President of the United States faithfully1, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States, so help me God.

Thank you, thank you.

My fellow citizens:

I stand here today humbled by the task before us, grateful for the trust you've bestowed, mindful of the sacrifices borne by our ancestors. I thank President Bush for his service to our nation, as well as the generosity and cooperation he has shown throughout this transition.

Forty-four Americans have now taken the presidential Oath. The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace. Yet, every so often the Oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms. At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office, but because We the People have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebearers [sic], and true to our founding documents.

So it has been. So it must be with this generation of Americans.

That we are in the midst of crisis is now well understood. Our nation is at war, against a far-reaching network of violence and hatred. Our economy is badly weakened, a consequence of greed and irresponsibility on the part of some, but also our collective failure to make hard choices and prepare the nation for a new age. Homes have been lost; jobs shed; businesses shuttered. Our health care is too costly; our schools fail too many; and each day brings further evidence that the ways we use energy strengthen our adversaries and threaten our planet.

These are the indicators of crisis, subject to data and statistics. Less measurable, but no less profound, is a sapping of confidence across our land -- a nagging fear that America's decline is inevitable, that the next generation must lower its sights.

Today I say to you that the challenges we face are real. They are serious and they are many. They will not be met easily or in a short span of time. But know this, America: They will be met.

On this day, we gather because we have chosen hope over fear, unity of purpose over conflict and discord.

On this day, we come to proclaim an end to the petty grievances and false promises, the recriminations and worn out dogmas, that for far too long have strangled our politics.

We remain a young nation, but in the words of Scripture, the time has come to "set aside childish things."2 The time has come to reaffirm our enduring spirit; to choose our better history; to carry forward that precious gift, that noble idea, passed on from generation to generation: the God-given promise that all are equal, all are free, and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness.

In reaffirming the greatness of our nation, we understand that greatness is never a given. It must be earned. Our journey has never been one of short-cuts or settling for less. It has not been the path for the faint-hearted -- for those who prefer leisure over work, or seek only the pleasures of riches and fame. Rather, it has been the risk-takers, the doers, the makers of things -- some celebrated but more often men and women obscure in their labor, who have carried us up the long, rugged path towards prosperity and freedom.

For us, they packed up their few worldly possessions and traveled across oceans in search of a new life.

For us, they toiled in sweatshops and settled the West; endured the lash of the whip and plowed the hard earth.

For us, they fought and died, in places like Concord and Gettysburg; Normandy and Khe Sahn.

Time and again these men and women struggled and sacrificed and worked till their hands were raw so that we might live a better life. They saw America as bigger than the sum of our individual ambitions; greater than all the differences of birth or wealth or faction.

This is the journey we continue today. We remain the most prosperous, powerful nation on Earth. Our workers are no less productive than when this crisis began. Our minds are no less inventive, our goods and services no less needed than they were last week or last month or last year. Our capacity remains undiminished. But our time of standing pat, of protecting narrow interests and putting off unpleasant decisions - that time has surely passed. Starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and begin again the work of remaking America.

For everywhere we look, there is work to be done. The state of our economy calls for action, bold and swift, and we will act -- not only to create new jobs, but to lay a new foundation for growth. We will build the roads and bridges, the electric grids and digital lines that feed our commerce and bind us together. We will restore science to its rightful place, and wield technology's wonders to raise health care's quality and lower its cost. We will harness the sun and the winds and the soil to fuel our cars and run our factories. And we will transform our schools and colleges and universities to meet the demands of a new age.

All this we can do.

All this we will do.

Now, there are some who question the scale of our ambitions -- who suggest that our system cannot tolerate too many big plans. Their memories are short. For they have forgotten what this country has already done; what free men and women can achieve when imagination is joined to common purpose, and necessity to courage.

What the cynics fail to understand is that the ground has shifted beneath them -- that the stale political arguments that have consumed us for so long no longer apply. The question we ask today is not whether our government is too big or too small, but whether it works -- whether it helps families find jobs at a decent wage, care they can afford, a retirement that is dignified. Where the answer is yes, we intend to move forward. Where the answer is no, programs will end. And those of us who manage the public's dollars will be held to account -- to spend wisely, reform bad habits, and do our business in the light of day -- because only then can we restore the vital trust between a people and their government.

Nor is the question before us whether the market is a force for good or ill. Its power to generate wealth and expand freedom is unmatched, but this crisis has reminded us that without a watchful eye, the market can spin out of control. The nation cannot prosper long when it favors only the prosperous. The success of our economy has always depended not just on the size of our Gross Domestic Product, but on the reach of our prosperity; on the ability to extend opportunity to every willing heart -- not out of charity, but because it is the surest route to our common good.

As for our common defense, we reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideals. Our Founding Fathers -- Our Founding Fathers, faced with perils that we can scarcely imagine, drafted a charter to assure the rule of law and the rights of man, a charter expanded by the blood of generations. Those ideals still light the world, and we will not give them up for expedience'[s] sake. And so to all the other peoples and governments who are watching today, from the grandest capitals to the small village where my father was born: Know that America is a friend of each nation and every man, woman, and child who seeks a future of peace and dignity. And we are ready to lead once more.

Recall that earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks, but with the sturdy alliances and enduring convictions. They understood that our power alone cannot protect us, nor does it entitle us to do as we please. Instead, they knew that our power grows through its prudent use; our security emanates from the justness of our cause, the force of our example, the tempering qualities of humility and restraint.

We are the keepers of this legacy. Guided by these principles once more, we can meet those new threats that demand even greater effort -- even greater cooperation and understanding between nations. We will begin to responsibly leave Iraq to its people, and forge a hard-earned peace in Afghanistan. With old friends and former foes, we will work tirelessly to lessen the nuclear threat, and roll back the specter of a warming planet. We will not apologize for our way of life, nor will we waver in its defense, and for those who seek to advance their aims by inducing terror and slaughtering innocents, we say to you now that our spirit is stronger and cannot be broken. You cannot outlast us, and we will defeat you!

For we know that our patchwork heritage is a strength, not a weakness. We are a nation of Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus -- and non-believers. We are shaped by every language and culture, drawn from every end of this Earth; and because we have tasted the bitter swill of civil war and segregation, and emerged from that dark chapter stronger and more united, we cannot help but believe that the old hatreds shall someday pass; that the lines of tribe shall soon dissolve; that as the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself; and that America must play its role in ushering in a new era of peace.

To the Muslim world, we seek a new way forward, based on mutual interest and mutual respect. To those leaders around the globe who seek to sow conflict, or blame their society's ills on the West -- know that your people will judge you on what you can build, not what you destroy. To those -- To those who cling to power through corruption and deceit and the silencing of dissent, know that you are on the wrong side of history; but that we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.

To the people of poor nations, we pledge to work alongside you to make your farms flourish and let clean waters flow; to nourish starved bodies and feed hungry minds. And to those nations like ours that enjoy relative plenty, we say we can no longer afford indifference to the suffering outside our borders; nor can we consume the world's resources without regard to effect. For the world has changed, and we must change with it.

As we consider the road that unfolds before us, we remember with humble gratitude those brave Americans who, at this very hour, patrol far-off deserts and distant mountains. They have something to tell us, just as the fallen heroes who lie in Arlington whisper through the ages. We honor them not only because they are the guardians of our liberty, but because they embody the spirit of service; a willingness to find meaning in something greater than themselves. And yet, at this moment -- a moment that will define a generation -- it is precisely this spirit that must inhabit us all.

For as much as government can do and must do, it is ultimately the faith and determination of the American people upon which this nation relies. It is the kindness to take in a stranger when the levees break, the selflessness of workers who would rather cut their hours than see a friend lose their job which sees us through our darkest hours. It is the firefighter's courage to storm a stairway filled with smoke, but also a parent's willingness to nurture a child, that finally decides our fate.

Our challenges may be new. The instruments with which we meet them may be new. But those values upon which our success depends -- honesty and hard work, courage and fair play, tolerance and curiosity, loyalty and patriotism -- these things are old. These things are true. They have been the quiet force of progress throughout our history. What is demanded then is a return to these truths. What is required of us now is a new era of responsibility -- a recognition, on the part of every American, that we have duties to ourselves, our nation, and the world, duties that we do not grudgingly accept but rather seize gladly, firm in the knowledge that there is nothing so satisfying to the spirit, so defining of our character, than giving our all to a difficult task.

This is the price and the promise of citizenship.

This is the source of our confidence -- the knowledge that God calls on us to shape an uncertain destiny.

This is the meaning of our liberty and our creed -- why men and women and children of every race and every faith can join in celebration across this magnificent mall, and why a man whose father less than sixty years ago might not have been served at a local restaurant can now stand before you to take a most sacred Oath.

So let us mark this day with remembrance, of who we are and how far we have traveled. In the year of America's birth, in the coldest of months, a small band of patriots huddled by dying campfires on the shores of an icy river. The Capitol was abandoned. The enemy was advancing. The snow was stained with blood. At a moment when the outcome of our revolution was most in doubt, the father of our nation ordered these words be read to the people:

Let it be told to the future world...that in the depth of winter, when nothing but hope and virtue could survive...that the city and the country, alarmed at one common danger, came forth to meet [it].

America: In the face of our common dangers, in this winter of our hardship, let us remember these timeless words. With hope and virtue, let us brave once more the icy currents, and endure what storms may come. Let it be said by our children's children that when we were tested we refused to let this journey end, that we did not turn back nor did we falter; and with eyes fixed on the horizon and God's grace upon us, we carried forth that great gift of freedom and delivered it safely to future generations.

Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.

We begin this year and this Administration in the midst of an unprecedented crisis that calls for unprecedented action. Just this week, we saw more people file for unemployment than at any time in the last twenty-six years, and experts agree that if nothing is done, the unemployment rate could reach double digits. Our economy could fall $1 trillion short of its full capacity, which translates into more than $12,000 in lost income for a family of four. And we could lose a generation of potential, as more young Americans are forced to forgo college dreams or the chance to train for the jobs of the future.

In short, if we do not act boldly and swiftly, a bad situation could become dramatically worse.

That is why I have proposed an American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan to immediately jumpstart job creation as well as long-term economic growth. I am pleased to say that both parties in Congress are already hard at work on this plan, and I hope to sign it into law in less than a month.

It’s a plan that will save or create three to four million jobs over the next few years, and one that recognizes both the paradox and the promise of this moment -- the fact that there are millions of Americans trying to find work even as, all around the country, there’s so much work to be done. That’s why this is not just a short-term program to boost employment. It’s one that will invest in our most important priorities like energy and education; health care and a new infrastructure that are necessary to keep us strong and competitive in the 21st century.

Today I’d like to talk specifically about the progress we expect to make in each of these areas.

To accelerate the creation of a clean energy economy, we will double our capacity to generate alternative sources of energy like wind, solar, and biofuels over the next three years. We’ll begin to build a new electricity grid that lay down more than 3,000 miles of transmission lines to convey this new energy from coast to coast. We’ll save taxpayers $2 billion a year by making 75% of federal buildings more energy efficient, and save the average working family $350 on their energy bills by weatherizing 2.5 million homes.

To lower health care cost, cut medical errors, and improve care, we’ll computerize the nation’s health record in five years, saving billions of dollars in health care costs and countless lives. And we’ll protect health insurance for more than 8 million Americans who are in danger of losing their coverage during this economic downturn.

To ensure our children can compete and succeed in this new economy, we’ll renovate and modernize 10,000 schools, building state-of-the-art classrooms, libraries, and labs to improve learning for over five million students. We’ll invest more in Pell Grants to make college affordable for seven million more students, provide a $2,500 college tax credit to four million students, and triple the number of fellowships in science to help spur the next generation of innovation.

Finally, we will rebuild and retrofit America to meet the demands of the 21st century. That means repairing and modernizing thousands of miles of America’s roadways and providing new mass transit options for millions of Americans. It means protecting America by securing 90 major ports and creating a better communications network for local law enforcement and public safety officials in the event of an emergency. And it means expanding broadband access to millions of Americans, so business can compete on a level-playing field, wherever they’re located.

I know that some are skeptical about the size and scale of this recovery plan. I understand that skepticism, which is why this recovery plan must and will include unprecedented measures that will allow the American people to hold my Administration accountable for these results. We won’t just throw money at our problems -- we’ll invest in what works. Instead of politicians doling out money behind a veil of secrecy, decisions about where we invest will be made public, and informed by independent experts whenever possible. We’ll launch an unprecedented effort to root out waste, inefficiency, and unnecessary spending in our government, and every American will be able to see how and where we spend taxpayer dollars by going to a new website called recovery.gov.

No one policy or program will solve the challenges we face right now, nor will this crisis recede in a short period of time. But if we act now and act boldly; if we start rewarding hard work and responsibility once more; if we act as citizens and not partisans and begin again the work of remaking America, then I have faith that we will emerge from this trying time even stronger and more prosperous than we were before.

Thanks for listening.

Thank you, Tim, for your hard work on this issue and on our economic recovery.

The economic crisis we face is unlike any we've seen in our lifetime. It's a crisis of falling confidence and rising debt, of widely distributed risk and narrowly concentrated reward; a crisis written in the fine print of sub-prime mortgages, on the ledger lines of once mighty financial institutions, and on the pink slips that have upended the lives of so many people across this country and cost the economy 2.6 million jobs last year alone.

We know that even if we do everything that we should, this crisis was years in the making, and it will take more than weeks or months to turn things around.

But make no mistake: A failure to act, and act now, will turn crisis into a catastrophe and guarantee a longer recession, a less robust recovery, and a more uncertain future. Millions more jobs will be lost. More businesses will be shuttered. More dreams will be deferred.

And that's why I feel such a sense of urgency about the economic recovery and reinvestment plan that is before Congress today. With it, we can save or create more than three million jobs, doing things that will strengthen our country for years to come. It's not merely a prescription for short-term spending -- it's a strategy for long-term economic growth in areas like renewable energy and health care and education.

Now, in the past few days I've heard criticisms that this plan is somehow wanting, and these criticisms echo the very same failed economic theories that led us into this crisis in the first place -- the notion that tax cuts alone will solve all our problems; that we can ignore fundamental challenges like energy independence and the high cost of health care; that we can somehow deal with this in a piecemeal fashion and still expect our economy and our country to thrive.

I reject those theories. And so did the American people when they went to the polls in November and voted resoundingly for change. So I urge members of Congress to act without delay. No plan is perfect, and we should work to make it stronger. No one is more committed to making it stronger than me. But let's not make the perfect the enemy of the essential. Let's show people all over the country who are looking for leadership in this difficult time that we are equal to the task.

At the same time, we know that this recovery and reinvestment plan is only the first part of what we need to do to restore prosperity and secure our future. We also need a strong and viable financial system to keep credit flowing to businesses and families alike. And my administration will do whatever it takes to restore our financial system. Our recovery depends on it. And so in the next week, Secretary Geithner will release a new strategy to get credit moving again -- a strategy that will reflect some of the lessons of past mistakes while laying the foundation of the future.

But in order to restore trust in our financial system, we're going to have to do more than just put forward our plans. In order to restore trust, we've got to make certain that taxpayer funds are not subsidizing excessive compensation packages on Wall Street.

We all need to take responsibility. And this includes executives at major financial firms who turned to the American people, hat in hand, when they were in trouble, even as they paid themselves customary lavish bonuses. As I said last week, this is the height of irresponsibility. It's shameful. And that's exactly the kind of disregard of the costs and consequences of their actions that brought about this crisis: a culture of narrow self-interest and short-term gain at the expense of everything else.

This is America. We don't disparage wealth. We don't begrudge anybody for achieving success. And we certainly believe that success should be rewarded. But what gets people upset -- and rightfully so -- are executives being rewarded for failure, especially when those rewards are subsidized by U.S. taxpayers, many of whom are having a tough time themselves.

For top executives to award themselves these kinds of compensation packages in the midst of this economic crisis isn't just bad taste -- it's bad strategy -- and I will not tolerate it as President. We're going to be demanding some restraint in exchange for federal aid -- so that when firms seek new federal dollars, we won't find them up to the same old tricks.

As part of the reforms we're announcing today, top executives at firms receiving extraordinary help from U.S. taxpayers will have their compensation capped at 500,000 dollars -- a fraction of the salaries that have been reported recently. And if these executives receive any additional compensation, it will come in the form of stock that can't be paid up until taxpayers are paid back for their assistance.

Companies receiving federal aid are going to have to disclose publicly all the perks and luxuries bestowed upon senior executives, and provide an explanation to the taxpayers and to shareholders as to why these expenses are justified. And we're putting a stop to these kinds of massive severance packages we've all read about with disgust; we're taking the air out of golden parachutes.

We're asking these firms to take responsibility, to recognize the nature of this crisis and their role in it. We believe that what we've laid out should be viewed as fair and embraced as basic common sense.

And finally, these guidelines we're putting in place are only the beginning of a long-term effort. We're going to examine the ways in which the means and manner of executive compensation have contributed to a reckless culture and a quarter-by-quarter mentality that in turn helped to wrought havoc in our financial system. We're going to be taking a look at broader reforms so that executives are compensated for sound risk management, and rewarded for growth measured over years, not just days or weeks. 

We all have to pull together and take our share of responsibility. That's true here in Washington. That's true on Wall Street. The American people are carrying a huge burden as a result of this economic crisis: bearing the brunt of its effects as well as the cost of extraordinary measures we're taking to address them. The American people expect and demand that we pursue policies that reflect the reality of this crisis -- and that will prevent these kinds of crises from occurring again in the future.

Thank you very much.

Thank you. Pease, be seated. Thank you, very much.

Madam Speaker, Leader Reid, members of Congress, dear friends, former colleagues:

It is a great honor to be here -- a place where Lincoln served, was inaugurated, and where the nation he saved bid him a last farewell. As we mark the bicentennial of our 16th President's birth, I cannot claim to know as much about his life and works as many who are also speaking today, but I can say that I feel a special gratitude to this singular figure who in so many ways made my own story possible -- and in so many ways made America's story possible.

It is fitting that we are holding this celebration here at the Capitol, for the life of this building is bound ever so closely to the times of this immortal President. Built by artisans and craftsmen, but also immigrants and slaves, it was here, in the rotunda, that Union soldiers received help from a makeshift hospital; it was downstairs, in the basement, that they were baked bread to give them strength; and it was in the Senate and House chambers where they slept at night and spent some of their days.

What those soldiers saw when they looked on this building was a very different sight than the one we see today, for it remained unfinished until the end of the war. The laborers who built the dome came to work wondering each day whether that would be their last; whether the metal they were using for its frame would be requisitioned for the war and melted down into bullets. But each day went by without any orders to halt construction, and so they kept on working, and kept on building.

And when President Lincoln was finally told of all the metal being used here, his response was short and clear: That is as it should be. The American people needed to be reminded, he believed, that even in a time of war, the work would go on; the people's business would continue; that even when the nation itself was in doubt, its future was being secured; and that on that distant day, when the guns fell silent, a national capitol would stand, with a statue of freedom at its peak, as a symbol of unity in a land still mending its divisions.

It is this sense of unity, this ability to plan for a shared future even at a moment where our nation was torn apart, that I reflect on today. And while there are any number of moments that reveal that particular side of this extraordinary man, Abraham Lincoln -- that particular aspect of his leadership -- there's one that I'd like to share with you today.

In the war's final weeks, aboard Grant's flagship, The River Queen, President Lincoln was asked what was to be done with the rebel armies once General Lee surrendered. With victory at hand, Lincoln could have sought revenge. He could have forced the South to pay a steep price for their rebellion. But despite all the bloodshed and all the misery that each side had exacted upon the other, and despite his absolute certainty in the rightness of the cause of ending slavery, no Confederate soldier was to be punished, Lincoln ordered. They were to be treated, as he put it, "liberally all round." What Lincoln wanted was for Confederate troops to go back home and return to work on their farms and in their shops. He was even willing, he said, to "let them have their horses to plow and their guns to shoot crows with."

That was the only way, Lincoln knew, to repair the rifts that had torn this country apart. It was the only way to begin the healing that our nation so desperately needed. What Lincoln never forgot, not even in the midst of civil war, was that despite all that divides us -- north and south, black and white -- we were, at heart, one nation and one people, sharing a bond as Americans that could bend but would not break.

And so even as we meet here today, in a moment when we are far less divided than in Lincoln's day, but when we are once again debating the critical issues of our time -- and debating them sometimes fiercely -- let us remember that we are doing so as servants of the same flag, as representatives of the same people, and as stakeholders in a common future. That is the most fitting tribute we can pay -- the most lasting monument we can build -- to that most remarkable of men, Abraham Lincoln.

Thank you.

Madame Speaker, Mr. Vice President, Members of Congress, the First Lady of the United States (who is around here somewhere):

I have come here tonight not only to address the distinguished men and women in this great chamber, but to speak frankly and directly to the men and women who sent us here. 

I know that for many Americans watching right now, the state of our economy is a concern that rises above all others.  And rightly so.  If you haven’t been personally affected by this recession, you probably know someone who has -- a friend; a neighbor; a member of your family.  You don’t need to hear another list of statistics to know that our economy is in crisis, because you live it every day.  It’s the worry you wake up with and the source of sleepless nights.  It’s the job you thought you’d retire from but now have lost; the business you built your dreams upon that’s now hanging by a thread; the college acceptance letter your child had to put back in the envelope.  The impact of this recession is real, and it is everywhere.    

But while our economy may be weakened and our confidence shaken; though we are living through difficult and uncertain times, tonight I want every American to know this:

We will rebuild, we will recover, and the United States of America will emerge stronger than before. 

The weight of this crisis will not determine the destiny of this nation.  The answers to our problems don’t lie beyond our reach.  They exist in our laboratories and universities; in our fields and our factories; in the imaginations of our entrepreneurs and the pride of the hardest-working people on Earth.  Those qualities that have made America the greatest force of progress and prosperity in human history we still possess in ample measure.  What is required now is for this country to pull together, confront boldly the challenges we face, and take responsibility for our future once more.

Now, if we’re honest with ourselves, we’ll admit that for too long, we have not always met these responsibilities -- as a government or as a people.  I say this not to lay blame or look backwards, but because it is only by understanding how we arrived at this moment that we’ll be able to lift ourselves out of this predicament. 

The fact is, our economy did not fall into decline overnight.  Nor did all of our problems begin when the housing market collapsed or the stock market sank.  We have known for decades that our survival depends on finding new sources of energy.  Yet we import more oil today than ever before.  The cost of health care eats up more and more of our savings each year, yet we keep delaying reform.  Our children will compete for jobs in a global economy that too many of our schools do not prepare them for.  And though all these challenges went unsolved, we still managed to spend more money and pile up more debt, both as individuals and through our government, than ever before.

In other words, we have lived through an era where too often, short-term gains were prized over long-term prosperity; where we failed to look beyond the next payment, the next quarter, or the next election.  A surplus became an excuse to transfer wealth to the wealthy instead of an opportunity to invest in our future.  Regulations were gutted for the sake of a quick profit at the expense of a healthy market.  People bought homes they knew they couldn’t afford from banks and lenders who pushed those bad loans anyway.  And all the while, critical debates and difficult decisions were put off for some other time on some other day. 

Well that day of reckoning has arrived, and the time to take charge of our future is here.

Now is the time to act boldly and wisely -- to not only revive this economy, but to build a new foundation for lasting prosperity.  Now is the time to jumpstart job creation, re-start lending, and invest in areas like energy, health care, and education that will grow our economy, even as we make hard choices to bring our deficit down.  That is what my economic agenda is designed to do, and that’s what I’d like to talk to you about tonight. 

It’s an agenda that begins with jobs. 

As soon as I took office, I asked this Congress to send me a recovery plan by President’s Day that would put people back to work and put money in their pockets.  Not because I believe in bigger government – I don’t.  Not because I’m not mindful of the massive debt we’ve inherited – I am.  I called for action because the failure to do so would have cost more jobs and caused more hardships.  In fact, a failure to act would have worsened our long-term deficit by assuring weak economic growth for years.  That’s why I pushed for quick action.  And tonight, I am grateful that this Congress delivered, and pleased to say that the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act is now law.   

Over the next two years, this plan will save or create 3.5 million jobs.  More than 90% of these jobs will be in the private sector – jobs rebuilding our roads and bridges; constructing wind turbines and solar panels; laying broadband and expanding mass transit.

Because of this plan, there are teachers who can now keep their jobs and educate our kids.  Health care professionals can continue caring for our sick.  There are 57 police officers who are still on the streets of Minneapolis tonight because this plan prevented the layoffs their department was about to make. 

Because of this plan, 95% of the working households in America will receive a tax cut -- a tax cut that you will see in your paychecks beginning on April 1st.

Because of this plan, families who are struggling to pay tuition costs will receive a $2,500 tax credit for all four years of college.  And Americans who have lost their jobs in this recession will be able to receive extended unemployment benefits and continued health care coverage to help them weather this storm. 

I know there are some in this chamber and watching at home who are skeptical of whether this plan will work.  I understand that skepticism.  Here in Washington, we’ve all seen how quickly good intentions can turn into broken promises and wasteful spending.  And with a plan of this scale comes enormous responsibility to get it right.

That is why I have asked Vice President Biden to lead a tough, unprecedented oversight effort – because nobody messes with Joe.  I have told each member of my Cabinet as well as mayors and governors across the country that they will be held accountable by me and the American people for every dollar they spend.  I have appointed a proven and aggressive Inspector General to ferret out any and all cases of waste and fraud.  And we have created a new website called recovery.gov so that every American can find out how and where their money is being spent. 

So the recovery plan we passed is the first step in getting our economy back on track.  But it is just the first step.  Because even if we manage this plan flawlessly, there will be no real recovery unless we clean up the credit crisis that has severely weakened our financial system.

I want to speak plainly and candidly about this issue tonight, because every American should know that it directly affects you and your family’s well-being.  You should also know that the money you’ve deposited in banks across the country is safe; your insurance is secure; and you can rely on the continued operation of our financial system.  That is not the source of concern.

The concern is that if we do not re-start lending in this country, our recovery will be choked off before it even begins. 

You see, the flow of credit is the lifeblood of our economy.  The ability to get a loan is how you finance the purchase of everything from a home to a car to a college education; how stores stock their shelves, farms buy equipment, and businesses make payroll.

But credit has stopped flowing the way it should.  Too many bad loans from the housing crisis have made their way onto the books of too many banks.  With so much debt and so little confidence, these banks are now fearful of lending out any more money to households, to businesses, or to each other.  When there is no lending, families can’t afford to buy homes or cars.  So businesses are forced to make layoffs.  Our economy suffers even more, and credit dries up even further. 

That is why this administration is moving swiftly and aggressively to break this destructive cycle, restore confidence, and re-start lending.

We will do so in several ways.  First, we are creating a new lending fund that represents the largest effort ever to help provide auto loans, college loans, and small business loans to the consumers and entrepreneurs who keep this economy running.   

Second, we have launched a housing plan that will help responsible families facing the threat of foreclosure lower their monthly payments and re-finance their mortgages.  It’s a plan that won’t help speculators or that neighbor down the street who bought a house he could never hope to afford, but it will help millions of Americans who are struggling with declining home values – Americans who will now be able to take advantage of the lower interest rates that this plan has already helped bring about.  In fact, the average family who re-finances today can save nearly $2000 per year on their mortgage.   

Third, we will act with the full force of the federal government to ensure that the major banks that Americans depend on have enough confidence and enough money to lend even in more difficult times.  And when we learn that a major bank has serious problems, we will hold accountable those responsible, force the necessary adjustments, provide the support to clean up their balance sheets, and assure the continuity of a strong, viable institution that can serve our people and our economy.

I understand that on any given day, Wall Street may be more comforted by an approach that gives banks bailouts with no strings attached, and that holds nobody accountable for their reckless decisions.  But such an approach won’t solve the problem.  And our goal is to quicken the day when we re-start lending to the American people and American business and end this crisis once and for all.

I intend to hold these banks fully accountable for the assistance they receive, and this time, they will have to clearly demonstrate how taxpayer dollars result in more lending for the American taxpayer.  This time, CEOs won’t be able to use taxpayer money to pad their paychecks or buy fancy drapes or disappear on a private jet.  Those days are over. 

Still, this plan will require significant resources from the federal government – and yes, probably more than we’ve already set aside.  But while the cost of action will be great, I can assure you that the cost of inaction will be far greater, for it could result in an economy that sputters along for not months or years, but perhaps a decade.  That would be worse for our deficit, worse for business, worse for you, and worse for the next generation.  And I refuse to let that happen.     

I understand that when the last administration asked this Congress to provide assistance for struggling banks, Democrats and Republicans alike were infuriated by the mismanagement and results that followed.  So were the American taxpayers.  So was I. 

So I know how unpopular it is to be seen as helping banks right now, especially when everyone is suffering in part from their bad decisions.  I promise you – I get it. 

But I also know that in a time of crisis, we cannot afford to govern out of anger, or yield to the politics of the moment.  My job – our job – is to solve the problem.  Our job is to govern with a sense of responsibility.  I will not spend a single penny for the purpose of rewarding a single Wall Street executive, but I will do whatever it takes to help the small business that can’t pay its workers or the family that has saved and still can’t get a mortgage. 

That’s what this is about.  It’s not about helping banks – it’s about helping people.  Because when credit is available again, that young family can finally buy a new home.  And then some company will hire workers to build it.  And then those workers will have money to spend, and if they can get a loan too, maybe they’ll finally buy that car, or open their own business.  Investors will return to the market, and American families will see their retirement secured once more.  Slowly, but surely, confidence will return, and our economy will recover.     

So I ask this Congress to join me in doing whatever proves necessary.  Because we cannot consign our nation to an open-ended recession.  And to ensure that a crisis of this magnitude never happens again, I ask Congress to move quickly on legislation that will finally reform our outdated regulatory system.  It is time to put in place tough, new common-sense rules of the road so that our financial market rewards drive and innovation, and punishes short-cuts and abuse. 

The recovery plan and the financial stability plan are the immediate steps we’re taking to revive our economy in the short-term.  But the only way to fully restore America’s economic strength is to make the long-term investments that will lead to new jobs, new industries, and a renewed ability to compete with the rest of the world. The only way this century will be another American century is if we confront at last the price of our dependence on oil and the high cost of health care; the schools that aren’t preparing our children and the mountain of debt they stand to inherit.  That is our responsibility.

In the next few days, I will submit a budget to Congress.  So often, we have come to view these documents as simply numbers on a page or laundry lists of programs.  I see this document differently.  I see it as a vision for America – as a blueprint for our future.

My budget does not attempt to solve every problem or address every issue.  It reflects the stark reality of what we’ve inherited – a trillion dollar deficit, a financial crisis, and a costly recession. 

Given these realities, everyone in this chamber – Democrats and Republicans – will have to sacrifice some worthy priorities for which there are no dollars.  And that includes me.  

But that does not mean we can afford to ignore our long-term challenges.  I reject the view that says our problems will simply take care of themselves; that says government has no role in laying the foundation for our common prosperity.

For history tells a different story.  History reminds us that at every moment of economic upheaval and transformation, this nation has responded with bold action and big ideas.  In the midst of civil war, we laid railroad tracks from one coast to another that spurred commerce and industry.  From the turmoil of the Industrial Revolution came a system of public high schools that prepared our citizens for a new age.  In the wake of war and depression, the GI Bill sent a generation to college and created the largest middle-class in history.  And a twilight struggle for freedom led to a nation of highways, an American on the moon, and an explosion of technology that still shapes our world. 

In each case, government didn’t supplant private enterprise; it catalyzed private enterprise.  It created the conditions for thousands of entrepreneurs and new businesses to adapt and to thrive. 

We are a nation that has seen promise amid peril, and claimed opportunity from ordeal.  Now we must be that nation again.  That is why, even as it cuts back on the programs we don’t need, the budget I submit will invest in the three areas that are absolutely critical to our economic future:  energy, health care, and education. 

It begins with energy. 

We know the country that harnesses the power of clean, renewable energy will lead the 21st century.  And yet, it is China that has launched the largest effort in history to make their economy energy efficient.  We invented solar technology, but we’ve fallen behind countries like Germany and Japan in producing it.  New plug-in hybrids roll off our assembly lines, but they will run on batteries made in Korea. 

Well I do not accept a future where the jobs and industries of tomorrow take root beyond our borders – and I know you don’t either.  It is time for America to lead again. 

Thanks to our recovery plan, we will double this nation’s supply of renewable energy in the next three years.  We have also made the largest investment in basic research funding in American history – an investment that will spur not only new discoveries in energy, but breakthroughs in medicine, science, and technology. 

We will soon lay down thousands of miles of power lines that can carry new energy to cities and towns across this country.  And we will put Americans to work making our homes and buildings more efficient so that we can save billions of dollars on our energy bills. 

But to truly transform our economy, protect our security, and save our planet from the ravages of climate change, we need to ultimately make clean, renewable energy the profitable kind of energy.  So I ask this Congress to send me legislation that places a market-based cap on carbon pollution and drives the production of more renewable energy in America.  And to support that innovation, we will invest fifteen billion dollars a year to develop technologies like wind power and solar power; advanced biofuels, clean coal, and more fuel-efficient cars and trucks built right here in America.

As for our auto industry, everyone recognizes that years of bad decision-making and a global recession have pushed our automakers to the brink.  We should not, and will not, protect them from their own bad practices.  But we are committed to the goal of a re-tooled, re-imagined auto industry that can compete and win.  Millions of jobs depend on it.  Scores of communities depend on it.  And I believe the nation that invented the automobile cannot walk away from it. 

None of this will come without cost, nor will it be easy.  But this is America.  We don’t do what’s easy.  We do what is necessary to move this country forward.

For that same reason, we must also address the crushing cost of health care.   

This is a cost that now causes a bankruptcy in America every thirty seconds.  By the end of the year, it could cause 1.5 million Americans to lose their homes.  In the last eight years, premiums have grown four times faster than wages.  And in each of these years, one million more Americans have lost their health insurance.  It is one of the major reasons why small businesses close their doors and corporations ship jobs overseas.  And it’s one of the largest and fastest-growing parts of our budget. 

Given these facts, we can no longer afford to put health care reform on hold.

Already, we have done more to advance the cause of health care reform in the last thirty days than we have in the last decade.  When it was days old, this Congress passed a law to provide and protect health insurance for eleven million American children whose parents work full-time.  Our recovery plan will invest in electronic health records and new technology that will reduce errors, bring down costs, ensure privacy, and save lives.  It will launch a new effort to conquer a disease that has touched the life of nearly every American by seeking a cure for cancer in our time.  And it makes the largest investment ever in preventive care, because that is one of the best ways to keep our people healthy and our costs under control. 

This budget builds on these reforms.  It includes an historic commitment to comprehensive health care reform – a down-payment on the principle that we must have quality, affordable health care for every American.  It’s a commitment that’s paid for in part by efficiencies in our system that are long overdue.  And it’s a step we must take if we hope to bring down our deficit in the years to come. 

Now, there will be many different opinions and ideas about how to achieve reform, and that is why I’m bringing together businesses and workers, doctors and health care providers, Democrats and Republicans to begin work on this issue next week. 

I suffer no illusions that this will be an easy process.  It will be hard.  But I also know that nearly a century after Teddy Roosevelt first called for reform, the cost of our health care has weighed down our economy and the conscience of our nation long enough.  So let there be no doubt: health care reform cannot wait, it must not wait, and it will not wait another year.     

The third challenge we must address is the urgent need to expand the promise of education in America.   

In a global economy where the most valuable skill you can sell is your knowledge, a good education is no longer just a pathway to opportunity – it is a pre-requisite.    

Right now, three-quarters of the fastest-growing occupations require more than a high school diploma.  And yet, just over half of our citizens have that level of education.  We have one of the highest high school dropout rates of any industrialized nation.  And half of the students who begin college never finish. 

This is a prescription for economic decline, because we know the countries that out-teach us today will out-compete us tomorrow.  That is why it will be the goal of this administration to ensure that every child has access to a complete and competitive education – from the day they are born to the day they begin a career. 

Already, we have made an historic investment in education through the economic recovery plan.  We have dramatically expanded early childhood education and will continue to improve its quality, because we know that the most formative learning comes in those first years of life.  We have made college affordable for nearly seven million more students.  And we have provided the resources necessary to prevent painful cuts and teacher layoffs that would set back our children’s progress. 

But we know that our schools don’t just need more resources.  They need more reform.  That is why this budget creates new incentives for teacher performance; pathways for advancement, and rewards for success.  We’ll invest in innovative programs that are already helping schools meet high standards and close achievement gaps.  And we will expand our commitment to charter schools.  

It is our responsibility as lawmakers and educators to make this system work.  But it is the responsibility of every citizen to participate in it.  And so tonight, I ask every American to commit to at least one year or more of higher education or career training.  This can be community college or a four-year school; vocational training or an apprenticeship.  But whatever the training may be, every American will need to get more than a high school diploma.  And dropping out of high school is no longer an option.  It’s not just quitting on yourself, it’s quitting on your country – and this country needs and values the talents of every American.  That is why we will provide the support necessary for you to complete college and meet a new goal:  by 2020, America will once again have the highest proportion of college graduates in the world.  

I know that the price of tuition is higher than ever, which is why if you are willing to volunteer in your neighborhood or give back to your community or serve your country, we will make sure that you can afford a higher education.  And to encourage a renewed spirit of national service for this and future generations, I ask this Congress to send me the bipartisan legislation that bears the name of Senator Orrin Hatch as well as an American who has never stopped asking what he can do for his country – Senator Edward Kennedy. 

These education policies will open the doors of opportunity for our children.  But it is up to us to ensure they walk through them.  In the end, there is no program or policy that can substitute for a mother or father who will attend those parent/teacher conferences, or help with homework after dinner, or turn off the TV, put away the video games, and read to their child.  I speak to you not just as a President, but as a father when I say that responsibility for our children's education must begin at home. 

There is, of course, another responsibility we have to our children.  And that is the responsibility to ensure that we do not pass on to them a debt they cannot pay.  With the deficit we inherited, the cost of the crisis we face, and the long-term challenges we must meet, it has never been more important to ensure that as our economy recovers, we do what it takes to bring this deficit down.

I’m proud that we passed the recovery plan free of earmarks, and I want to pass a budget next year that ensures that each dollar we spend reflects only our most important national priorities. 

Yesterday, I held a fiscal summit where I pledged to cut the deficit in half by the end of my first term in office.  My administration has also begun to go line by line through the federal budget in order to eliminate wasteful and ineffective programs.  As you can imagine, this is a process that will take some time.  But we’re starting with the biggest lines.  We have already identified two trillion dollars in savings over the next decade.

In this budget, we will end education programs that don’t work and end direct payments to large agribusinesses that don’t need them.  We’ll eliminate the no-bid contracts that have wasted billions in Iraq, and reform our defense budget so that we’re not paying for Cold War-era weapons systems we don’t use.  We will root out the waste, fraud, and abuse in our Medicare program that doesn’t make our seniors any healthier, and we will restore a sense of fairness and balance to our tax code by finally ending the tax breaks for corporations that ship our jobs overseas. 

In order to save our children from a future of debt, we will also end the tax breaks for the wealthiest 2% of Americans.  But let me perfectly clear, because I know you’ll hear the same old claims that rolling back these tax breaks means a massive tax increase on the American people:  if your family earns less than $250,000 a year, you will not see your taxes increased a single dime.  I repeat: not one single dime.  In fact, the recovery plan provides a tax cut – that’s right, a tax cut – for 95% of working families.  And these checks are on the way.    

To preserve our long-term fiscal health, we must also address the growing costs in Medicare and Social Security.  Comprehensive health care reform is the best way to strengthen Medicare for years to come.  And we must also begin a conversation on how to do the same for Social Security, while creating tax-free universal savings accounts for all Americans.

Finally, because we’re also suffering from a deficit of trust, I am committed to restoring a sense of honesty and accountability to our budget.  That is why this budget looks ahead ten years and accounts for spending that was left out under the old rules – and for the first time, that includes the full cost of fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan.  For seven years, we have been a nation at war.  No longer will we hide its price.

We are now carefully reviewing our policies in both wars, and I will soon announce a way forward in Iraq that leaves Iraq to its people and responsibly ends this war. 

And with our friends and allies, we will forge a new and comprehensive strategy for Afghanistan and Pakistan to defeat al Qaeda and combat extremism.  Because I will not allow terrorists to plot against the American people from safe havens half a world away. 

As we meet here tonight, our men and women in uniform stand watch abroad and more are readying to deploy. To each and every one of them, and to the families who bear the quiet burden of their absence, Americans are united in sending one message: we honor your service, we are inspired by your sacrifice, and you have our unyielding support.  To relieve the strain on our forces, my budget increases the number of our soldiers and Marines. And to keep our sacred trust with those who serve, we will raise their pay, and give our veterans the expanded health care and benefits that they have earned. 

To overcome extremism, we must also be vigilant in upholding the values our troops defend – because there is no force in the world more powerful than the example of America. That is why I have ordered the closing of the detention center at Guantanamo Bay, and will seek swift and certain justice for captured terrorists – because living our values doesn’t make us weaker, it makes us safer and it makes us stronger.  And that is why I can stand here tonight and say without exception or equivocation that the United States of America does not torture.

In words and deeds, we are showing the world that a new era of engagement has begun.  For we know that America cannot meet the threats of this century alone, but the world cannot meet them without America.  We cannot shun the negotiating table, nor ignore the foes or forces that could do us harm.  We are instead called to move forward with the sense of confidence and candor that serious times demand.

To seek progress toward a secure and lasting peace between Israel and her neighbors, we have appointed an envoy to sustain our effort.  To meet the challenges of the 21st century – from terrorism to nuclear proliferation; from pandemic disease to cyber threats to crushing poverty – we will strengthen old alliances, forge new ones, and use all elements of our national power. 

And to respond to an economic crisis that is global in scope, we are working with the nations of the G-20 to restore confidence in our financial system, avoid the possibility of escalating protectionism, and spur demand for American goods in markets across the globe.  For the world depends on us to have a strong economy, just as our economy depends on the strength of the world’s. 

As we stand at this crossroads of history, the eyes of all people in all nations are once again upon us – watching to see what we do with this moment; waiting for us to lead.     

Those of us gathered here tonight have been called to govern in extraordinary times.  It is a tremendous burden, but also a great privilege – one that has been entrusted to few generations of Americans.  For in our hands lies the ability to shape our world for good or for ill. 

I know that it is easy to lose sight of this truth – to become cynical and doubtful; consumed with the petty and the trivial. 

But in my life, I have also learned that hope is found in unlikely places; that inspiration often comes not from those with the most power or celebrity, but from the dreams and aspirations of Americans who are anything but ordinary. 

I think about Leonard Abess, the bank president from Miami who reportedly cashed out of his company, took a $60 million bonus, and gave it out to all 399 people who worked for him, plus another 72 who used to work for him.  He didn’t tell anyone, but when the local newspaper found out, he simply said, ''I knew some of these people since I was 7 years old.  I didn't feel right getting the money myself."

I think about Greensburg, Kansas, a town that was completely destroyed by a tornado, but is being rebuilt by its residents as a global example of how clean energy can power an entire community – how it can bring jobs and businesses to a place where piles of bricks and rubble once lay.  "The tragedy was terrible," said one of the men who helped them rebuild.  "But the folks here know that it also provided an incredible opportunity."     

And I think about Ty’Sheoma Bethea, the young girl from that school I visited in Dillon, South Carolina – a place where the ceilings leak, the paint peels off the walls, and they have to stop teaching six times a day because the train barrels by their classroom.  She has been told that her school is hopeless, but the other day after class she went to the public library and typed up a letter to the people sitting in this room.  She even asked her principal for the money to buy a stamp.  The letter asks us for help, and says, "We are just students trying to become lawyers, doctors, congressmen like yourself and one day president, so we can make a change to not just the state of South Carolina but also the world.  We are not quitters." 

We are not quitters. 

These words and these stories tell us something about the spirit of the people who sent us here.  They tell us that even in the most trying times, amid the most difficult circumstances, there is a generosity, a resilience, a decency, and a determination that perseveres; a willingness to take responsibility for our future and for posterity.

Their resolve must be our inspiration.  Their concerns must be our cause.  And we must show them and all our people that we are equal to the task before us. 

I know that we haven’t agreed on every issue thus far, and there are surely times in the future when we will part ways.  But I also know that every American who is sitting here tonight loves this country and wants it to succeed.  That must be the starting point for every debate we have in the coming months, and where we return after those debates are done.  That is the foundation on which the American people expect us to build common ground.

And if we do – if we come together and lift this nation from the depths of this crisis; if we put our people back to work and restart the engine of our prosperity; if we confront without fear the challenges of our time and summon that enduring spirit of an America that does not quit, then someday years from now our children can tell their children that this was the time when we performed, in the words that are carved into this very chamber, "something worthy to be remembered."  Thank you, God Bless you, and may God Bless the United States of America.

Thank you very much. To General Haley for the outstanding work he is doing. Thank you so much.

Good morning Marines. Good morning Camp Lejeune. Good morning Jacksonville. Thank you for that outstanding welcome. I want to thank Lieutenant General Hejlik for hosting me here today.

I also want to acknowledge all of our soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines serving in Iraq and Afghanistan. That includes the Camp Lejeune Marines now serving with – or soon joining – the Second Marine Expeditionary Force in Iraq; those with Special Purpose Marine Air Ground Task Force in Afghanistan; and those among the 8,000 Marines who are preparing to deploy to Afghanistan. We have you in our prayers. We pay tribute to your service. We thank you and your families for all that you do for America. And I want all of you to know that there is no higher honor or greater responsibility than serving as your Commander-in-Chief.

I also want to take this opportunity to acknowledge Ryan Crocker, who recently completed his service as our Ambassador to Iraq. Throughout his career, Ryan always took on the toughest assignments. He is an example of the very best that this nation has to offer, and we owe him a great debt of gratitude. He carried on his work with an extraordinary degree of cooperation with two of our finest Generals – General David Petraeus, and General Ray Odierno – who will be critical in carrying forward the strategy that I will outline today.

Next month will mark the sixth anniversary of the war in Iraq. By any measure, this has already been a long war. For the men and women of America’s armed forces – and for your families – this war has been one of the most extraordinary chapters of service in the history of our nation. You have endured tour after tour after tour of duty. You have known the dangers of combat and the lonely distance of loved ones. You have fought against tyranny and disorder. You have bled for your best friends and for unknown Iraqis. And you have borne an enormous burden for your fellow citizens, while extending a precious opportunity to the people of Iraq. Under tough circumstances, the men and women of the United States military have served with honor, and succeeded beyond any expectation.  

Today, I have come to speak to you about how the war in Iraq will end.

To understand where we need to go in Iraq, it is important for the American people to understand where we now stand. Thanks in great measure to your service, the situation in Iraq has improved. Violence has been reduced substantially from the horrific sectarian killing of 2006 and 2007. Al Qaeda in Iraq has been dealt a serious blow by our troops and Iraq’s Security Forces, and through our partnership with Sunni Arabs. The capacity of Iraq’s Security Forces has improved, and Iraq’s leaders have taken steps toward political accommodation. The relative peace and strong participation in January’s provincial elections sent a powerful message to the world about how far Iraqis have come in pursuing their aspirations through a peaceful political process. 

But let there be no doubt: Iraq is not yet secure, and there will be difficult days ahead. Violence will continue to be a part of life in Iraq. Too many fundamental political questions about Iraq’s future remain unresolved. Too many Iraqis are still displaced or destitute. Declining oil revenues will put an added strain on a government that has had difficulty delivering basic services. Not all of Iraq’s neighbors are contributing to its security. Some are working at times to undermine it. And even as Iraq’s government is on a surer footing, it is not yet a full partner – politically and economically – in the region, or with the international community

In short, today there is a renewed cause for hope in Iraq, but that hope rests upon an emerging foundation.

On my first full day in office, I directed my national security team to undertake a comprehensive review of our strategy in Iraq to determine the best way to strengthen that foundation, while strengthening American national security. I have listened to my Secretary of Defense, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and commanders on the ground. We have acted with careful consideration of events on the ground; with respect for the security agreements between the United States and Iraq; and with a critical recognition that the long-term solution in Iraq must be political – not military. Because the most important decisions that have to be made about Iraq’s future must now be made by Iraqis.

We have also taken into account the simple reality that America can no longer afford to see Iraq in isolation from other priorities: we face the challenge of refocusing on Afghanistan and Pakistan; of relieving the burden on our military; and of rebuilding our struggling economy – and these are challenges that we will meet.

Today, I can announce that our review is complete, and that the United States will pursue a new strategy to end the war in Iraq through a transition to full Iraqi responsibility.

This strategy is grounded in a clear and achievable goal shared by the Iraqi people and the American people: an Iraq that is sovereign, stable, and self-reliant. To achieve that goal, we will work to promote an Iraqi government that is just, representative, and accountable, and that provides neither support nor safe-haven to terrorists. We will help Iraq build new ties of trade and commerce with the world. And we will forge a partnership with the people and government of Iraq that contributes to the peace and security of the region.

What we will not do is let the pursuit of the perfect stand in the way of achievable goals. We cannot rid Iraq of all who oppose America or sympathize with our adversaries. We cannot police Iraq’s streets until they are completely safe, nor stay until Iraq’s union is perfected. We cannot sustain indefinitely a commitment that has put a strain on our military, and will cost the American people nearly a trillion dollars. America’s men and women in uniform have fought block by block, province by province, year after year, to give the Iraqis this chance to choose a better future. Now, we must ask the Iraqi people to seize it.  

The first part of this strategy is therefore the responsible removal of our combat brigades from Iraq.

As a candidate for President, I made clear my support for a timeline of 16 months to carry out this drawdown, while pledging to consult closely with our military commanders upon taking office to ensure that we preserve the gains we’ve made and protect our troops. Those consultations are now complete, and I have chosen a timeline that will remove our combat brigades over the next 18 months.

Let me say this as plainly as I can: by August 31, 2010, our combat mission in Iraq will end.

As we carry out this drawdown, my highest priority will be the safety and security of our troops and civilians in Iraq. We will proceed carefully, and I will consult closely with my military commanders on the ground and with the Iraqi government. There will surely be difficult periods and tactical adjustments. But our enemies should be left with no doubt: this plan gives our military the forces and the flexibility they need to support our Iraqi partners, and to succeed.

After we remove our combat brigades, our mission will change from combat to supporting the Iraqi government and its Security Forces as they take the absolute lead in securing their country. As I have long said, we will retain a transitional force to carry out three distinct functions: training, equipping, and advising Iraqi Security Forces as long as they remain non-sectarian; conducting targeted counter-terrorism missions; and protecting our ongoing civilian and military efforts within Iraq. Initially, this force will likely be made up of 35-50,000 U.S. troops.

Through this period of transition, we will carry out further redeployments. And under the Status of Forces Agreement with the Iraqi government, I intend to remove all U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of 2011. We will complete this transition to Iraqi responsibility, and we will bring our troops home with the honor that they have earned.

As we responsibly remove our combat brigades, we will pursue the second part of our strategy: sustained diplomacy on behalf of a more peaceful and prosperous Iraq.

The drawdown of our military should send a clear signal that Iraq’s future is now its own responsibility. The long-term success of the Iraqi nation will depend upon decisions made by Iraq’s leaders and the fortitude of the Iraqi people. Iraq is a sovereign country with legitimate institutions; America cannot – and should not – take their place. However, a strong political, diplomatic, and civilian effort on our part can advance progress and help lay a foundation for lasting peace and security.

This effort will be led by our new Ambassador to Iraq – Chris Hill. From his time in the Peace Corps, to his work in Kosovo and Korea, Ambassador Hill has been tested, and he has shown the pragmatism and skill that we need right now. He will be supported by the courageous and capable work of so many American diplomats and aid workers who are serving in Iraq.

Going forward, we can make a difference on several fronts. We will work with the United Nations to support national elections, while helping Iraqis improve local government. We can serve as an honest broker in pursuit of fair and durable agreements on issues that have divided Iraq’s leaders. And just as we will support Iraq’s Security Forces, we will help Iraqi institutions strengthen their capacity to protect the rule of law, confront corruption, and deliver basic services.

Diplomacy and assistance is also required to help the millions of displaced Iraqis. These men, women and children are a living consequence of this war and a challenge to stability in the region, and they must become a part of Iraq’s reconciliation and recovery. America has a strategic interest – and a moral responsibility – to act. In the coming months, my administration will provide more assistance and take steps to increase international support for countries already hosting refugees; we’ll cooperate with others to resettle Iraqis facing great personal risk; and we will work with the Iraqi government over time to resettle refugees and displaced Iraqis within Iraq – because there are few more powerful indicators of lasting peace than displaced citizens returning home.

Now, before I go any further, I want to take a moment to speak directly to the people of Iraq.

You are a great nation, rooted in the cradle of civilization. You are joined together by enduring accomplishments, and a history that connects you as surely as the two rivers carved into your land. In years past, you have persevered through tyranny and terror; through personal insecurity and sectarian violence. And instead of giving in to the forces of disunion, you stepped back from a descent into civil war, and showed a proud resilience that deserves respect.

Our nations have known difficult times together. But ours is a bond forged by shared bloodshed, and countless friendships among our people. We Americans have offered our most precious resource -- our young men and women -- to work with you to rebuild what was destroyed by despotism; to root out our common enemies; and to seek peace and prosperity for our children and grandchildren, and for yours.

There are those who will try to prevent that future for Iraq – who will insist that Iraq’s differences cannot be reconciled without more killing. They represent the forces that destroy nations and lead only to despair, and they will test our will in the months and years to come. America, too, has known these forces. We endured the pain of Civil War, and bitter divisions of region and race. But hostility and hatred are no match for justice; they offer no pathway to peace; and they must not stand between the people of Iraq and a future of reconciliation and hope.

So to the Iraqi people, let me be clear about America’s intentions. The United States pursues no claim on your territory or your resources. We respect your sovereignty and the tremendous sacrifices you have made for your country. We seek a full transition to Iraqi responsibility for the security of your country. And going forward, we can build a lasting relationship founded upon mutual interests and mutual respect as Iraq takes its rightful place in the community of nations.

That leads me to the third part of our strategy -- comprehensive American engagement across the region.

The future of Iraq is inseparable from the future of the broader Middle East, so we must work with our friends and partners to establish a new framework that advances Iraq’s security and the region’s. It is time for Iraq to be a full partner in a regional dialogue, and for Iraq’s neighbors to establish productive and normalized relations with Iraq. And going forward, the United States will pursue principled and sustained engagement with all of the nations in the region, and that will include Iran and Syria.

This reflects a fundamental truth: we can no longer deal with regional challenges in isolation – we need a smarter, more sustainable and comprehensive approach. That is why we are renewing our diplomacy, while relieving the burden on our military. That is why we are refocusing on al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan; developing a strategy to use all elements of American power to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon; and actively seeking a lasting peace between Israel and the Arab world.  And that is why we have named three of America’s most accomplished diplomats – George Mitchell, Dennis Ross and Richard Holbrooke – to support Secretary Clinton and me as we carry forward this agenda. 

Every nation and every group must know -- whether you wish America good or ill -- that the end of the war in Iraq will enable a new era of American leadership and engagement in the Middle East. And that era has just begun.

Finally, I want to be very clear that my strategy for ending the war in Iraq does not end with military plans or diplomatic agendas – it endures through our commitment to uphold our sacred trust with every man and woman who has served in Iraq.

You make up a fraction of the American population, but in an age when so many people and institutions have acted irresponsibly, you did the opposite – you volunteered to bear the heaviest burden. And for you and for your families, the war does not end when you come home. It lives on in memories of your fellow soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines who gave their lives. It endures in the wound that is slow to heal, the disability that isn’t going away, the dream that wakes you at night, or the stiffening in your spine when a car backfires down the street. 

You and your families have done your duty – now a grateful nation must do ours. That is why I am increasing the number of soldiers and Marines, so that we lessen the burden on those who are serving. And that is why I have committed to expanding our system of veterans health care to serve more patients, and to provide better care in more places. We will continue building new wounded warrior facilities across America, and invest in new ways of identifying and treating the signature wounds of this war: Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder and Traumatic Brain Injury, as well as other combat injuries.

We also know that service does not end with the person wearing the uniform. In her visits with military families across the country, my wife Michelle has learned firsthand about the unique burden that your families endure every day. I want you to know this: military families are a top priority for Michelle and me, and they will be a top priority for my administration. We’ll raise military pay, and continue providing quality child-care, job-training for spouses, and expanded counseling and outreach to families that have known the separation and stress of war. We will also heed the lesson of history – that those who fight in battle can form the backbone of our middle class – by implementing a 21st century GI Bill to help our veterans live their dreams.

As a nation, we have had our share of debates about the war in Iraq. It has, at times, divided us as a people. To this very day, there are some Americans who want to stay in Iraq longer, and some who want to leave faster. But there should be no disagreement on what the men and women of our military have achieved.

And so I want to be very clear: We sent our troops to Iraq to do away with Saddam Hussein’s regime – and you got the job done. We kept our troops in Iraq to help establish a sovereign government – and you got the job done. And we will leave the Iraqi people with a hard-earned opportunity to live a better life – that is your achievement; that is the prospect that you have made possible.

There are many lessons to be learned from what we’ve experienced. We have learned that America must go to war with clearly defined goals, which is why I’ve ordered a review of our policy in Afghanistan. We have learned that we must always weigh the costs of action, and communicate those costs candidly to the American people, which is why I’ve put Iraq and Afghanistan into my budget. We have learned that in the 21st century, we must use all elements of American power to achieve our objectives, which is why I am committed to building our civilian national security capacity so that the burden is not continually pushed on to our military. We have learned that our political leaders must pursue the broad and bipartisan support that our national security policies depend upon, which is why I will consult with Congress and in carrying out my plans. And we have learned the importance of working closely with friends and allies, which is why we are launching a new era of engagement in the world.

The starting point for our policies must always be the safety of the American people. I know that you – the men and women of the finest fighting force in the history of the world – can meet any challenge, and defeat any foe. And as long as I am your Commander-in-Chief, I promise you that I will only send you into harm’s way when it is absolutely necessary, and provide you with the equipment and support you need to get the job done. That is the most important lesson of all – for the consequences of war are dire, the sacrifices immeasurable.  

You know because you have seen those sacrifices. You have lived them. And we all honor them.

"Semper Fidelis" – it means always being faithful to Corps, and to country, and to the memory of fallen comrades like Corporal Jonathan Yale and Lance Corporal Jordan Haerter. These young men enlisted in a time of war, knowing they would face great danger. They came here, to Camp Lejeune, as they trained for their mission. And last April, they were standing guard in Anbar. In an age when suicide is a weapon, they were suddenly faced with an oncoming truck filled with explosives. These two Marines stood their ground. These two Marines opened fire. And these two Marines stopped that truck. When the thousands of pounds of explosives detonated, they had saved fifty Marines and Iraqi police who would have been in the truck’s path, but Corporal Yale and Lance Corporal Haerter lost their own lives. Jonathan was 21. Jordan was 19.

In the town where Jordan Haerter was from, a bridge was dedicated in his name. One Marine who traveled to the ceremony said: "We flew here from all over the country to pay tribute to our friend Jordan, who risked his life to save us. We wouldn’t be here without him."

America’s time in Iraq is filled with stories of men and women like this. Their names are written into bridges and town squares. They are etched into stones at Arlington, and in quiet places of rest across our land. They are spoken in schools and on city blocks. They live on in the memories of those who wear your uniform, in the hearts of those they loved, and in the freedom of the nation they served.

Each American who has served in Iraq has their own story. Each of you has your own story. And that story is now a part of the history of the United States of America – a nation that exists only because free men and women have bled for it from the beaches of Normandy to the deserts of Anbar; from the mountains of Korea to the streets of Kandahar. You teach us that the price of freedom is great. Your sacrifice should challenge all of us – every single American – to ask what we can do to be better citizens.

There will be more danger in the months ahead. We will face new tests and unforeseen trials. But thanks to the sacrifices of those who have served, we have forged hard-earned progress, we are leaving Iraq to its people, and we have begun the work of ending this war. 

Thank you, God Bless you, and God Bless the United States of America. Semper Fi.

Please, everybody have a seat. Thank you for the wonderful introduction, David. And thank you for the great work that you are doing each and every day. And I appreciate such a warm welcome. Some of you I've gotten a chance to know; many of you I'm meeting for the first time. But the spirit of the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, the desire to create jobs and provide opportunity to people who sometimes have been left out -- that's exactly what this administration is about. That's the essence of the American Dream. And so I'm very proud to have a chance to speak with all of you.

You know, every so often, throughout our history, a generation of Americans bears the responsibility of seeing this country through difficult times and protecting the dream of its founding for posterity. This is a responsibility that's fallen to our generation. Meeting it will require steering our nation's economy through a crisis unlike anything that we have seen in our time.

In the short term, that means jump-starting job creation and restarting lending, and restoring confidence in our markets and our financial system. But it also means taking steps that not only advance our recovery, but lay the foundation for lasting, shared prosperity.

I know there's some who believe we can only handle one challenge at a time. And they forget that Lincoln helped lay down the transcontinental railroad and passed the Homestead Act and created the National Academy of Sciences in the midst of civil war. Likewise, President Roosevelt didn't have the luxury of choosing between ending a depression and fighting a war; he had to do both. President Kennedy didn't have the luxury of choosing between civil rights and sending us to the moon. And we don't have the luxury of choosing between getting our economy moving now and rebuilding it over the long term.

America will not remain true to its highest ideals -- and America's place as a global economic leader will be put at risk -- unless we not only bring down the crushing cost of health care and transform the way we use energy, but also if we do -- if we don't do a far better job than we've been doing of educating our sons and daughters; unless we give them the knowledge and skills they need in this new and changing world.

For we know that economic progress and educational achievement have always gone hand in hand in America. The land-grant colleges and public high schools transformed the economy of an industrializing nation. The GI Bill generated a middle class that made America's economy unrivaled in the 20th century. Investments in math and science under President Eisenhower gave new opportunities to young scientists and engineers all across the country. It made possible somebody like a Sergei Brin to attend graduate school and found an upstart company called Google that would forever change our world.

The source of America's prosperity has never been merely how ably we accumulate wealth, but how well we educate our people. This has never been more true than it is today. In a 21st-century world where jobs can be shipped wherever there's an Internet connection, where a child born in Dallas is now competing with a child in New Delhi, where your best job qualification is not what you do, but what you know -- education is no longer just a pathway to opportunity and success, it's a prerequisite for success.

That's why workers without a four-year degree have borne the brunt of recent layoffs, Latinos most of all. That's why, of the 30 fastest growing occupations in America, half require a Bachelor's degree or more. By 2016, four out of every 10 new jobs will require at least some advanced education or training.

So let there be no doubt: The future belongs to the nation that best educates its citizens -- and my fellow Americans, we have everything we need to be that nation. We have the best universities, the most renowned scholars. We have innovative principals and passionate teachers and gifted students, and we have parents whose only priority is their child's education. We have a legacy of excellence, and an unwavering belief that our children should climb higher than we did.

And yet, despite resources that are unmatched anywhere in the world, we've let our grades slip, our schools crumble, our teacher quality fall short, and other nations outpace us. Let me give you a few statistics. In 8th grade math, we've fallen to 9th place. Singapore's middle-schoolers outperform ours three to one. Just a third of our 13- and 14-year-olds can read as well as they should. And year after year, a stubborn gap persists between how well white students are doing compared to their African American and Latino classmates. The relative decline of American education is untenable for our economy, it's unsustainable for our democracy, it's unacceptable for our children -- and we can't afford to let it continue.

What's at stake is nothing less than the American Dream. It's what drew my father and so many of your fathers and mothers to our shores in pursuit of an education. It's what led Linda Brown and Gonzalo and Felicitas Mendez to bear the standard of all who were attending separate and unequal schools. It's what has led generations of Americans to take on that extra job, to sacrifice the small pleasures, to scrimp and save wherever they can, in hopes of putting away enough, just enough, to give their child the education that they never had. It's that most American of ideas, that with the right education, a child of any race, any faith, any station, can overcome whatever barriers stand in their way and fulfill their God-given potential.

Of course, we've heard all this year after year after year after year -- and far too little has changed. Certainly it hasn't changed in too many overcrowded Latino schools; it hasn't changed in too many inner-city schools that are seeing dropout rates of over 50 percent. It's not changing not because we're lacking sound ideas or sensible plans -- in pockets of excellence across this country, we're seeing what children from all walks of life can and will achieve when we set high standards, have high expectations, when we do a good job of preparing them. Instead, it's because politics and ideology have too often trumped our progress that we're in the situation that we're in.

For decades, Washington has been trapped in the same stale debates that have paralyzed progress and perpetuated our educational decline. Too many supporters of my party have resisted the idea of rewarding excellence in teaching with extra pay, even though we know it can make a difference in the classroom. Too many in the Republican Party have opposed new investments in early education, despite compelling evidence of its importance. So what we get here in Washington is the same old debate about it's more money versus more reform, vouchers versus the status quo. There's been partisanship and petty bickering, but little recognition that we need to move beyond the worn fights of the 20th century if we're going to succeed in the 21st century.

I think you'd all agree that the time for finger-pointing is over. The time for holding us -- holding ourselves accountable is here. What's required is not simply new investments, but new reforms. It's time to expect more from our students. It's time to start rewarding good teachers, stop making excuses for bad ones. It's time to demand results from government at every level. It's time to prepare every child, everywhere in America, to out-compete any worker, anywhere in the world. It's time to give all Americans a complete and competitive education from the cradle up through a career. We've accepted failure for far too long. Enough is enough. America's entire education system must once more be the envy of the world -- and that's exactly what we intend to do.

That's exactly what the budget I'm submitting to Congress has begun to achieve. Now, at a time when we've inherited a trillion-dollar deficit, we will start by doing a little housekeeping, going through our books, cutting wasteful education programs. My outstanding Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, who's here today -- stand up, Arne, so everybody can see you. I'm assuming you also saw my Secretary of Labor, Hilda Solis. But Secretary Duncan will use only one test when deciding what ideas to support with your precious tax dollars: It's not whether an idea is liberal or conservative, but whether it works. And this will help free up resources for the first pillar of reforming our schools -- investing in early childhood initiatives.

This isn't just about keeping an eye on our children, it's about educating them. Studies show that children in early childhood education programs are more likely to score higher in reading and math, more likely to graduate from high school and attend college, more likely to hold a job, and more likely to earn more in that job. For every dollar we invest in these programs, we get nearly $10 back in reduced welfare rolls, fewer health care costs, and less crime. That's why the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act that I signed into law invests $5 billion in growing Early Head Start and Head Start, expanding access to quality child care for 150,000 more children from working families, and doing more for children with special needs. And that's why we are going to offer 55,000 first-time parents regular visits from trained nurses to help make sure their children are healthy and prepare them for school and for life.

Even as we invest in early childhood education, let's raise the bar for early learning programs that are falling short. Now, today, some children are enrolled in excellent programs. Some children are enrolled in mediocre programs. And some are wasting away their most formative years in bad programs. That includes the one-fourth of all children who are Hispanic, and who will drive America's workforce of tomorrow, but who are less likely to have been enrolled in an early childhood education program than anyone else.

That's why I'm issuing a challenge to our states: Develop a cutting-edge plan to raise the quality of your early learning programs; show us how you'll work to ensure that children are better prepared for success by the time they enter kindergarten. If you do, we will support you with an Early Learning Challenge Grant that I call on Congress to enact. That's how we will reward quality and incentivize excellence, and make a down payment on the success of the next generation.

So that's the first pillar of our education reform agenda. The second, we will end what has become a race to the bottom in our schools and instead spur a race to the top by encouraging better standards and assessments. Now, this is an area where we are being outpaced by other nations. It's not that their kids are any smarter than ours -- it's that they are being smarter about how to educate their children. They're spending less time teaching things that don't matter, and more time teaching things that do. They're preparing their students not only for high school or college, but for a career. We are not. Our curriculum for 8th graders is two full years behind top performing countries. That's a prescription for economic decline. And I refuse to accept that America's children cannot rise to this challenge. They can, and they must, and they will meet higher standards in our time.

So let's challenge our states -- let's challenge our states to adopt world-class standards that will bring our curriculums to the 21st century. Today's system of 50 different sets of benchmarks for academic success means 4th grade readers in Mississippi are scoring nearly 70 points lower than students in Wyoming -- and they're getting the same grade. Eight of our states are setting their standards so low that their students may end up on par with roughly the bottom 40 percent of the world.

That's inexcusable. That's why I'm calling on states that are setting their standards far below where they ought to be to stop low-balling expectations for our kids. The solution to low test scores is not lowering standards -- it's tougher, clearer standards.  Standards like those in Massachusetts, where 8th graders are -- we have a Massachusetts contingent here. In Massachusetts, 8th graders are now tying for first -- first in the whole world in science. Other forward-thinking states are moving in the same direction by coming together as part of a consortium. And more states need to do the same. And I'm calling on our nation's governors and state education chiefs to develop standards and assessments that don't simply measure whether students can fill in a bubble on a test, but whether they possess 21st century skills like problem-solving and critical thinking and entrepreneurship and creativity.

That is what we'll help them do later this year -- that what we're going to help them do later this year when we finally make No Child Left Behind live up to its name by ensuring not only that teachers and principals get the funding that they need, but that the money is tied to results.  And Arne Duncan will also back up this commitment to higher standards with a fund to invest in innovation in our school districts.

Of course, raising standards alone will not make much of a difference unless we provide teachers and principals with the information they need to make sure students are prepared to meet those standards. And far too few states have data systems like the one in Florida that keep track of a student's education from childhood through college. And far too few districts are emulating the example of Houston and Long Beach, and using data to track how much progress a student is making and where that student is struggling. That's a resource that can help us improve student achievement, and tell us which students had which teachers so we can assess what's working and what's not. That's why we're making a major investment in this area that we will cultivate a new culture of accountability in America's schools.

Now, to complete our race to the top requires the third pillar of reform -- recruiting, preparing, and rewarding outstanding teachers. From the moment students enter a school, the most important factor in their success is not the color of their skin or the income of their parents, it's the person standing at the front of the classroom. That's why our Recovery Act will ensure that hundreds of thousands of teachers and school personnel are not laid off -- because those Americans are not only doing jobs they can't afford to lose, they're rendering a service our nation cannot afford to lose, either.

America's future depends on its teachers. And so today, I'm calling on a new generation of Americans to step forward and serve our country in our classrooms. If you want to make a difference in the life of our nation, if you want to make the most of your talents and dedication, if you want to make your mark with a legacy that will endure -- then join the teaching profession. America needs you. We need you in our suburbs. We need you in our small towns. We especially need you in our inner cities. We need you in classrooms all across our country.

And if you do your part, then we'll do ours. That's why we're taking steps to prepare teachers for their difficult responsibilities, and encourage them to stay in the profession. That's why we're creating new pathways to teaching and new incentives to bring teachers to schools where they're needed most. That's why we support offering extra pay to Americans who teach math and science to end a teacher shortage in those subjects. It's why we're building on the promising work being done in places like South Carolina's Teachers Advancement Program, and making an unprecedented commitment to ensure that anyone entrusted with educating our children is doing the job as well as it can be done.

Now, here's what that commitment means: It means treating teachers like the professionals they are while also holding them more accountable -– in up to 150 more school districts. New teachers will be mentored by experienced ones. Good teachers will be rewarded with more money for improved student achievement, and asked to accept more responsibilities for lifting up their schools. Teachers throughout a school will benefit from guidance and support to help them improve.

And just as we've given our teachers all the support they need to be successful, we need to make sure our students have the teacher they need to be successful. And that means states and school districts taking steps to move bad teachers out of the classroom. But let me be clear -- Let me be clear -- the overwhelming number of teachers are doing an outstanding job under difficult circumstances. My sister is a teacher, so I know how tough teaching can be. But let me be clear: If a teacher is given a chance or two chances or three chances but still does not improve, there's no excuse for that person to continue teaching. I reject a system that rewards failure and protects a person from its consequences. The stakes are too high. We can afford nothing but the best when it comes to our children's teachers and the schools where they teach.

Now, that leads me to the fourth part of America's education strategy –- promoting innovation and excellence in America's schools. One of the places where much of that innovation occurs is in our most effective charter schools. And these are public schools founded by parents, teachers, and civic or community organizations with broad leeway to innovate -– schools I supported as a state legislator and a United States senator.

But right now, there are many caps on how many charter schools are allowed in some states, no matter how well they're preparing our students. That isn't good for our children, our economy, or our country. Of course, any expansion of charter schools must not result in the spread of mediocrity, but in the advancement of excellence. And that will require states adopting both a rigorous selection and review process to ensure that a charter school's autonomy is coupled with greater accountability –- as well as a strategy, like the one in Chicago, to close charter schools that are not working. Provided this greater accountability, I call on states to reform their charter rules, and lift caps on the number of allowable charter schools, wherever such caps are in place.

Now, even as we foster innovation in where our children are learning, let's also foster innovation in when our children are learning. We can no longer afford an academic calendar designed for when America was a nation of farmers who needed their children at home plowing the land at the end of each day. That calendar may have once made sense, but today it puts us at a competitive disadvantage. Our children -- listen to this -- our children spend over a month less in school than children in South Korea -- every year. That's no way to prepare them for a 21st century economy. That's why I'm calling for us not only to expand effective after-school programs, but to rethink the school day to incorporate more time -– whether during the summer or through expanded-day programs for children who need it.

Now, I know longer school days and school years are not wildly popular ideas.  Not with Malia and Sasha -- not in my family, and probably not in yours. But the challenges of a new century demand more time in the classroom. If they can do that in South Korea, we can do it right here in the United States of America.

Of course, no matter how innovative our schools or how effective our teachers, America cannot succeed unless our students take responsibility for their own education. That means showing up for school on time, paying attention in class, seeking out extra tutoring if it's needed, staying out of trouble. To any student who's watching, I say this: Don't even think about dropping out of school. Don't even think about it.

As I said a couple of weeks ago, dropping out is quitting on yourself, it's quitting on your country, and it's not an option -- not anymore. Not when our high school dropout rate has tripled in the past 30 years. Not when high school dropouts earn about half as much as college graduates. Not when Latino students are dropping out faster than just about anyone else. It's time for all of us, no matter what our backgrounds, to come together and solve this epidemic.

Stemming the tide of dropouts will require turning around our low-performing schools. Just 2,000 high schools in cities like Detroit and Los Angeles and Philadelphia produce over 50 percent of America's dropouts. And yet there are too few proven strategies to transform these schools. And there are too few partners to get the job done.

So today, I'm issuing a challenge to educators and lawmakers, parents and teachers alike: Let us all make turning around our schools our collective responsibility as Americans. And that will require new investments in innovative ideas -- that's why my budget invests in developing new strategies to make sure at-risk students don't give up on their education; new efforts to give dropouts who want to return to school the help they need to graduate; and new ways to put those young men and women who have left school back on a pathway to graduation.

Now, the fifth part of America's education strategy is providing every American with a quality higher education -– whether it's college or technical training. Never has a college degree been more important. Never has it been more expensive. And at a time when so many of our families are bearing enormous economic burdens, the rising cost of tuition threatens to shatter dreams. And that's why we will simplify federal college assistance forms so it doesn't take a Ph.D to apply for financial aid.

That's why we're already taking steps to make college or technical training affordable. For the first time ever, Pell Grants will not be subject to the politics of the moment or the whim of the market –- they will be a commitment that Congress is required to uphold each and every year. Not only that; because rising costs mean Pell Grants cover less than half as much tuition as they did 30 years ago, we're raising the maximum Pell Grant to $5,550 a year and indexing it above inflation. We're also providing a $2,500-a-year tuition tax credit for students from working families. And we're modernizing and expanding the Perkins Loan Program to make sure schools like UNLV don't get a tenth as many Perkins loans as schools like Harvard.

To help pay for all of this, we're putting students ahead of lenders by eliminating wasteful student loan subsidies that cost taxpayers billions each year. All in all, we are making college affordable for 7 million more students with a sweeping investment in our children's futures and America's success. And I call on Congress to join me and the American people by making these investments possible.

This is how we will help meet our responsibility as a nation to open the doors of college to every American. But it will also be the responsibility of colleges and universities to control spiraling costs. We can't just keep on putting more money in and universities and colleges not doing their part to hold down tuitions. And it's the responsibility of our students to walk through the doors of opportunity.

In just a single generation, America has fallen from 2nd place to 11th place in the portion of students completing college. That is unfortunate, but it's by no means irreversible. With resolve and the right investments, we can retake the lead once more. And that's why, in my address to the nation the other week, I called on Americans to commit to at least one year or more of higher education or career training, with the goal of having the highest proportion of college graduates in the world by the year 2020. And to meet that goal, we are investing $2.5 billion to identify and support innovative initiatives across the country that achieve results in helping students persist and graduate.

So let's not stop at education with college. Let's recognize a 21st century reality: Learning doesn't end in our early 20s. Adults of all ages need opportunities to earn new degrees and new skills -- especially in the current economic environment. That means working with all our universities and schools, including community colleges -- a great and undervalued asset -- to prepare workers for good jobs in high-growth industries; and to improve access to job training not only for young people who are just starting their careers, but for older workers who need new skills to change careers. And that's going to be one of the key tasks that Secretary Solis is involved with, is making sure that lifelong learning is a reality and a possibility for more Americans.

It's through initiatives like these that we'll see more Americans earn a college degree, or receive advanced training, and pursue a successful career. And that's why I'm calling on Congress to work with me to enact these essential reforms, and to reauthorize the Workforce Reinvestment Act. That's how we will round out a complete and competitive education in the United States of America.

So here's the bottom line: Yes, we need more money; yes, we need more reform; yes, we need to hold ourselves more accountable for every dollar we spend. But there's one more ingredient I want to talk about. No government policy will make any difference unless we also hold ourselves more accountable as parents -- because government, no matter how wise or efficient, cannot turn off the TV or put away the video games. Teachers, no matter how dedicated or effective, cannot make sure your child leaves for school on time and does their homework when they get back at night. These are things only a parent can do. These are things that our parents must do.

I say this not only as a father, but also as a son. When I was a child my mother and I lived overseas, and she didn't have the money to send me to the fancy international school where all the American kids went to school. So what she did was she supplemented my schooling with lessons from a correspondence course. And I can still picture her waking me up at 4:30 a.m., five days a week, to go over some lessons before I went to school. And whenever I'd complain and grumble and find some excuse and say, "Awww, I'm sleepy," she'd patiently repeat to me her most powerful defense. She'd say, "This is no picnic for me either, buster."

And when you're a kid you don't think about the sacrifices they're making. She had to work; I just had to go to school. But she'd still wake up every day to make sure I was getting what I needed for my education. And it's because she did this day after day, week after week, because of all the other opportunities and breaks that I got along the way, all the sacrifices that my grandmother and my grandfather made along the way, that I can stand here today as President of the United States. It's because of the sacrifices -- See, I want every child in this country to have the same chance that my mother gave me, that my teachers gave me, that my college professors gave me, that America gave me.

You know these stories; you've lived them, as well. All of you have a similar story to tell. You know, it's -- I want children like Yvonne Bojorquez to have that chance. Yvonne is a student at Village Academy High School in California. Now, Village Academy is a 21st century school where cutting edge technologies are used in the classroom, where college prep and career training are offered to all who seek it, and where the motto is "respect, responsibility, and results."

Now, a couple of months ago, Yvonne and her class made a video talking about the impact that our struggling economy was having on their lives. And some of them spoke about their parents being laid off, or their homes facing foreclosure, or their inability to focus on school with everything that was happening at home. And when it was her turn to speak, Yvonne said: "We've all been affected by this economic crisis. [We] are all college bound students; we're all businessmen, and doctors and lawyers and all this great stuff. And we have all this potential -- but the way things are going, we're not going to be able to [fulfill it]."

It was heartbreaking that a girl so full of promise was so full of worry that she and her class titled their video, "Is anybody listening?" So, today, there's something I want to say to Yvonne and her class at Village Academy: I am listening. We are listening. America is listening. And we will not rest until your parents can keep your jobs -- we will not rest until your parents can keep their jobs and your families can keep their homes, and you can focus on what you should be focusing on -- your own education; until you can become the businessmen, doctors, and lawyers of tomorrow, until you can reach out and grasp your dreams for the future.

For in the end, Yvonne's dream is a dream shared by all Americans. It's the founding promise of our nation: That we can make of our lives what we will; that all things are possible for all people; and that here in America, our best days lie ahead. I believe that. I truly believe if I do my part, and you, the American people, do yours, then we will emerge from this crisis a stronger nation, and pass the dream of our founding on to posterity, ever safer than before.

Thank you very much. God bless you. God bless the United States of America.

Thank you.

Good afternoon, or good evening -- we're running a little bit late.

Earlier today, we finished a very productive summit that will be, I believe, a turning point in our pursuit of global economic recovery.

By any measure, the London summit was historic.  It was historic because of the size and the scope of the challenges that we face, and because of the timeliness and magnitude of our response.

The challenge is clear.  The global economy is contracting. Trade is shrinking.  Unemployment is rising.  The international finance system is nearly frozen.  Even these facts can't fully capture the crisis that we're confronting, because behind them is the pain and uncertainty that so many people are facing.  We see it back in the United States.  We see it here in London.  We see it around the world:  families losing their homes, workers losing their jobs and their savings, students who are deferring their dreams.  So many have lost so much.  Just to underscore this point, back in the United States, jobless claims released today were the highest in 26 years.  We owe it to all of our citizens to act, and to act with a sense of urgency.

In an age where our economies are linked more closely than ever before, the whole world has been touched by this devastating downturn.  And today, the world's leaders have responded with an unprecedented set of comprehensive and coordinated actions.

Now, just keep in mind some historical context.  Faced with similar global challenges in the past, the world was slow to act, and people paid an enormous price.  That was true in the Great Depression, when nations prolonged and worsened the crisis by turning inward, waiting for more than a decade to meet the challenge together.  Even as recently as the 1980s, the slow global response deepened and widened a debt crisis in Latin America that pushed millions into poverty.

Today, we've learned the lessons of history.  I know that in the days leading up to the summit, some of you in the press, some commentators, confused honest and open debate with irreconcilable differences.  But after weeks of preparation, and two days of careful negotiation, we have agreed on a series of unprecedented steps to restore growth and prevent a crisis like this from happening again.

Let me outline what I think has been most significant.

Number one, we are committed to growth and job creation.  All G20 nations have acted to stimulate demand, which will total well over $2 trillion in global fiscal expansion.  The United States is also partnering with the private sector to clean out the troubled assets, the legacy assets that are crippling some banks, and using the full force of the government to ensure that our action leads directly to loans to businesses large and small, as well as individuals who depend on credit.  And these efforts will be amplified by our G20 partners, who are pursuing similarly comprehensive programs.

And we also agreed on bold action to support developing countries, so that we aren't faced with declining markets that the global economy depends on.  Together, the G20 is tripling the IMF's lending capacity and promoting lending by multilateral development banks to increase the purchasing power and expand markets in every country.

We've also rejected the protectionism that could deepen this crisis.  History tells us that turning inward can help turn a downturn into a depression.  And this cooperation between the world's leading economies signals our support for open markets, as does our multilateral commitment to trade finance that will grow our exports and create new jobs.

That's all on the growth front.

And next we made enormous strides in committing ourselves to comprehensive reform of a failed regulatory system.  And together, I believe that we must put an end to the bubble-and-bust economy that has stood in the way of sustained growth and enabled abusive risk-taking that endangers our prosperity.

At home, back in the States, our efforts began with the approach that Secretary Geithner proposed last week, the strongest regulatory reforms any nation has contemplated so far to prevent the massive failure of responsibility that we have already seen.  Today, these principles have informed and enabled the coordinated action that we will take with our G20 partners.

To prevent future crises, we agreed to increased transparency and capital protections for financial institutions. We're extending supervision to all systemically important institutions, markets and products, including hedge funds.  We'll identify jurisdictions that fail to cooperate, including tax havens, and take action to defend our financial system.  We will reestablish the Financial Stability Forum with a stronger mandate.  And we will reform and expand the IMF and World Bank so they are more efficient, effective and representative.

Finally, we are protecting those who don't always have a voice at the G20, but who have suffered greatly in this crisis.  And the United States is ready to lead in this endeavor.  In the coming days, I intend to work with Congress to provide $448 million in immediate assistance to vulnerable populations -- from Africa to Latin America -- and to double support for food safety to over $1 billion so that we are giving people the tools they need to lift themselves out of poverty.  We will also support the United Nations and World Bank as they coordinate the rapid assistance necessary to prevent humanitarian catastrophe.

I have to say, though, that this is not just charity.  These are all future markets for all countries, and future drivers of world economic growth.

Let me also underscore my appreciation to Prime Minister Brown, his entire team, and all my colleagues from around the world who contributed to the summit's success.  You know, it's hard for 20 heads of state to bridge their differences.  We've all got our own national policies; we all have our own assumptions, our own political cultures.  But our citizens are all hurting.  They all need us to come together.  So I'm pleased that the G20 has agreed to meet again this fall, because I believe that this is just the beginning.  Our problems are not going to be solved in one meeting; they're not going to be solved in two meetings.  We're going to have to be proactive in shaping events and persistent in monitoring our progress to determine whether further action is needed.

I also want to just make a few remarks about additional meetings I had outside of the G20 context.  While here in London I had the opportunity to hold bilateral meetings with leaders of Russia, China, South Korea, Saudi Arabia and India, as well as Great Britain.  And these discussions were extraordinarily valuable and productive.  Of course, we spoke about additional steps to promote economic recovery and growth.  But we also discussed coordinated actions on a range of issues:  how we could reduce the nuclear threat; how we could forge a coordinated response to North Korea's planned missile launch; how we can turn back terrorism and stabilize Afghanistan; how we can protect our planet from the scourge of climate change.  I'm encouraged that we laid the groundwork for real and lasting progress on a host of these issues.

Ultimately, the challenges of the 21st century can't be met without collective action.  Agreement will almost never be easy, and results won't always come quickly.  But I am committed to respecting different points of view, and to forging a consensus instead of dictating our terms.  That's how we made progress in the last few days.  And that's how we will advance and uphold our ideals in the months and years to come.

You know, at home, I've often spoken about a new era of responsibility.  And I believe strongly that this era must not end at our borders.  In a world that's more and more interconnected, we all have responsibilities to work together to solve common challenges.  And although it will take time, I am confident that we will rebuild global prosperity if we act with a common sense of purpose, persistence, and the optimism that the moment demands.

So I appreciate your attention, and I'm going to take a few questions.  I've got a list of a few people I'm going to call on and then I will intersperse some folks I'm calling on randomly.

Helene Cooper.

Q    Mr. President, -- [inaudible]

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Well, I think we did okay.  You know, when I came here, it was with the intention of listening and learning, but also providing American leadership.  And I think that the document that has been produced as well as the concrete actions that will follow reflect a range of our priorities.  

We wanted to make sure that we had a strong, coordinated response to growth -- and that's reflected in the document and in the actions that will be taken.  We thought it was important to make sure that we had a strong, coordinated regulatory response  -- and many of the details of the regulatory response draw from principles that we had developed prior to coming here. 

We felt that it was very important to strengthen our international financial institutions because developing countries, emerging markets are threatened -- even though they may not have been the cause of this crisis -- they are threatened by capital flight; they're threatened by reduced trade finance; drops in consumer demand in developed countries that were their export markets, and so we knew that it was going to be important to provide those countries with assistance.  And we have created as fundamental a reworking of the resources available to these international financial institutions as anything we've done in the last several decades.

So, overall, I'm pleased with the product.  And I'll leave it to others to determine whether me and my team had anything to do with that.  All right?

Chuck Todd.  Chuck.

Q    What concrete items that you got out of this G20 can you tell the American people back home who are hurting, the family struggling, seeing their retirement go down, or worrying about losing their job -- what happened here today that helps that family back home in the heartland?

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Well, as I said before, we've got a global economy, and if we're taking actions in isolation in the United States, but those actions are contradicted overseas, then we're only going to be halfway effective -- maybe not even half. 

You've seen, for example, a drastic decline in U.S. exports over the last several months.  You look at a company like Caterpillar, in my home state of Illinois, which up until last year was doing extraordinarily well; in fact, export growth was what had sustained it even after the recession had begun.  As a consequence of the world recession, as a consequence of the contagion from the financial markets debilitating the economies elsewhere, Caterpillar is now in very bad shape.  So if we want to get Caterpillar back on its feet, if we want to get all those export companies back on their feet, so that they are hiring, putting people back to work, putting money in people's pockets, we've got to make sure that the global economy as a whole is successful. 

And this document, which affirms the need for all countries to take fiscal responses that increase demand, that encourages the openness of markets, those are all going to be helpful in us being able to fix what ails the economy back home.

Let me mix in a -- Justin Webb, BBC.  Where's Justin?  There he is.  Go ahead.

Q    Mr. President, in the spirit of openness, with which you say you're --

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Why don't you get a microphone?  See, everybody is complaining.  I'm sure that's all your fellow British journalists.

Q    They're extraordinarily well behaved, Mr. President.  In the spirit of openness, with which you say you're going to run your administration, could you give us an insight into an area or areas where you came to London wanting something and you didn't get it; where you compromised, where you gave something away to achieve the wider breakthrough agreement?

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Well, I think that if you look at the language of the document, there are probably some areas where it wasn't so much of a sacrifice as it might not have been our number-one priority, but it became clear that it was very important to certain other actors.

I'd rather not specify what those precise items would be, because this is a collective document.  But there's no doubt that each country has its own quirks and own particular issues that a leader may decide is really, really important; something that is non-negotiable for them.  And what we tried to do as much as possible was to accommodate those issues in a way that didn't -- did not hamper the effectiveness of the overall document to address what I think are the core issues related to this crisis.

Now, keep in mind -- I think that this kind of coordination really is historic.  I said in the meeting that if you had imagined 10 years ago, or 20 years ago, or 30 years ago, that you'd have the leaders of Germany, France, China, Russia, Brazil, South Africa, a President of the United States named Obama -- former adversaries, in some cases former mortal enemies, negotiating this swiftly on behalf of fixing the global economy, you would have said, that's crazy.  And yet it was happening, and it happened with relatively little -- relatively few hiccups.  And I think that's a testimony to the great work that Gordon Brown did, and his team, in organizing the summit, the collective work in our teams in doing some good preparation, some good ground work.  So I'm very proud of what's been done. 

This alone is not enough.  And obviously the actions that each of us take in our individual countries are still absolutely vital.  So we have a set of principles, for example, around dealing with systemic risk that I think will be very important in preventing the kinds of financial crises that we've seen. 

That does not entirely solve the problem of toxic assets that are still in U.S. banks and certain British banks and certain European banks.  And how each individual nation acts to deal with that is still going to be vitally important.  How well we execute the respective stimulus programs around the world is going to be very important.  The quicker they are, the more effective they are at actually boosting demand, the more all of us will benefit.  The more encumbered they are by bureaucracy and mismanagement and corruption, that will hamper our development efforts as a whole.

So this is not a panacea, but it is a critical step, and I think it lays the foundation so that, should the actions that we've taken individually and collectively so far not succeed in boosting global demand and growth, should you continue to see a freezing of credit or a hemorrhaging of jobs around the world, I think we've created a good foundation for this leadership to come back together again and take additional steps until we get it right.

Okay, Michael Shear.  Where's Michael?

Q    Thank you, Mr. President.  I wonder if you view this trip that you're on and the actions that you've taken here at the G20 and with the bilateral meetings that you've had as representing a break from the foreign policy of your predecessor. And if so, could you describe where you see and how you see the principles that guide a different view of the world?

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Well, you know, I didn't accompany President Bush on his various summits, so I don't know how he was operating.  And I won't -- I won't warrant a guess on that.

I can tell you that what I've tried to do since I started running for President and since I was sworn in as President, is to communicate the notion that America is a critical actor and leader on the world stage, and that we shouldn't be embarrassed about that, but that we exercise our leadership best when we are listening; when we recognize that the world is a complicated place and that we are going to have to act in partnership with other countries; when we lead by example; when we show some element of humility and recognize that we may not always have the best answer, but we can always encourage the best answer and support the best answer.

So I think that's the -- that's the approach that we've tried to take in our foreign policy since my administration came in.  Now, we come in at extraordinarily challenging times, and yet I actually think that that calls for this type of leadership even more.  But, ultimately, we won't know how effective we are until we look back a year from now, or two years from now, or three years from now and see if it worked. 

And what the American people care about I suspect are the same thing that the British people care about, and that is, are you putting people back to work?  Are businesses growing again?  Is business -- is credit flowing again?  And, you know -- and that's just true with respect to this summit.  But when it comes to our Afghanistan policy, the question is going to be, have we made ourselves safer; have we reduced the risks and incidents of terrorism?

And so the proof of the pudding is in the eating.  But hopefully, I think at least we've set a tone internationally where people don't -- where they give us the benefit of the doubt.  They're still going to have their interests, and we're going to have ours.  There are going to be tough negotiations, and sometimes we're going to have to walk away from those negotiations if we can't arrive at a common accord.  There are going to be real dangers that can't always be talked through and have to be addressed.  But at least we can start with the notion that we're prepared to listen and to work cooperatively with countries around the world.

All right, let me sprinkle in another -- it's got to be an international person.  All right, this young lady right there. 

Q    Mr. President, Emma Alberici from the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.  At the moment, in the U.S., the U.K., and in Australia, executive salaries and bonuses are decided in the boardrooms of major publicly listed companies.  Who will be making those decisions on salaries and bonuses as a result of the agreement you've made here today?  And if it is still the boards, will they be guided by principles or legislation?

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  The principles that we outlined I think put in place or move us in the direction of what I consider to be best practices, which is that there is some accountability with respect to executive compensation.

Now, theoretically, that should be the shareholders.  But the way that too many corporations have operated for too long is that you have a CEO who basically selects his board; the board, in a fairly cozy relationship oftentimes with the executive, hires a executive compensation firm, which, surprisingly, tends to think that it's necessary to retain the best talent to pay people $20 or $30 million a year; and we get into the kinds of habits and practices that I think have not been -- have not served shareholders well, I think ultimately distort the decision-making of many CEOs.

When I was in the United States Senate, I actually worked on a piece of legislation that would -- made the simple proposition that executive compensation should be subject to a shareholder vote, even if it was nonbinding, so that there was transparency and accountability and perhaps a shame function that would take place.  And that principle, I think, is reflected in these guidelines.

What it says is, is that if you get shareholders involved and those shareholders are given a set of principles and best practices by which they can judge executive compensation, then you can still have outsized rewards and success for successful business people, but it will be based on not short-term performance, not three-month performance, not your ability to flip quick profits off products like derivatives that don't turn out to be particularly productive to the company, but based on sustained, effective growth.  And that's what's embodied in these documents, and I think that you're going to see a lot of countries try to encourage that kind of transparency and accountability.

It doesn't mean the state micromanaging -- [sneezes] -- excuse me -- I've been fighting this all week -- it doesn't mean that we want the state dictating salaries; we don't.  We -- I strongly believe in a free-market system, and as I -- as I think people understand in America, at least, people don't resent the rich; they want to be rich.  And that's good.  But we want to make sure that there's mechanisms in place that holds people accountable and produces results.  Okay?

Got to go back to my crew.  Jake Tapper.

Q    Thank you, Mr. President.  Two questions.  One, can you say with confidence that the steps the G20 nations are taking today -- committing to today will help the world, or will prevent the world to avoid a depression or a deeper recession?

And two, your friend and ally, Prime Minister Brown, said that "The old Washington consensus is over; today we have reached a new consensus."  Is he right?  And what do you think he meant by that?

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  In life there are no guarantees; in economics there are no guarantees.  The people who thought they could provide guarantees, many of them worked at AIG and it didn't work out so well.  So there are always risks involved. 

I have no doubt, though, that the steps that have been taken are critical to preventing us sliding into a depression.  They are bolder and more rapid than any international response that we've seen to a financial crisis in memory.  And I think that they will have a concrete effect in our ability, individually, in each nation, to create jobs, save jobs that exist, grow the economy, loosen up credit, restore trust and confidence in the financial markets.

So these steps -- another way of putting it is I think the steps in the communiqué were necessary.  Whether they're sufficient, we've got to -- we've got to wait and see.  I'm actually confident, though, that given the common commitment in the United States and in the other G20 countries to act rapidly and boldly, that if we see other inklings of panic in the marketplace, or things unwinding, that this group, once again, will respond as needed.

So I guess maybe just to use an analogy that was used several times in this meeting, an analogy that I've used in the past:  You got a sick patient; I think we applied the right medicine; I think the patient is stabilized; there's still wounds that have to heal and there's still emergencies that could arise, but I think that you've got some pretty good care being applied.

You had a second, follow-up question?

Q    Prime Minister Brown saying --

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Oh, the Washington consensus.  Well, the Washington consensus, as I'm sure you're aware, Jake, is sort of a term of art about a certain set of policies surrounding globalization and the application of a cookie-cutter model to economic growth, trade liberalization, deregulation that was popular and did help globalize and grow the economy, and was led by some of our leading economists and policymakers in Washington. 

I think that there's always been a spectrum of opinion about how unfettered the free market is.  And along that spectrum, I think there have been some who believe in very fierce regulation and are very suspicious of globalization, and there are others who think that it's always -- that the market is always king.  And I think what we've learned here, but if anybody had been studying history they would have understood earlier, is that the market is the most effective mechanism for creating wealth and distributing resources to produce goods and services that history has ever known, but that it goes off the rail sometimes; that if it's completely unregulated, that if there are no thoughtful frameworks to channel the creative energy of the market, that it can end up in a very bad place.

And so, in that sense, I think that we just went through a couple of decades where there was an artificial complacency about the dangers of markets going off the rails.  And a crisis like this reminds us that we just have to put in some common-sense rules of the road, without throwing out the enormous benefits that globalization have brought in terms of improving living standards, reducing the cost of goods, and bringing the world closer together.

All right, I've got time for just a couple more questions.  I'm going to find a journalist here --

Q    -- [inaudible]

Q    How about me?

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  All right, I'm going to call on this gentleman right here.  He's been very persistent.

Q    Excuse me.  China Central Television.  Since the world leaders have been talking about increasing the voice and voting rights of developing countries, I would like to ask two questions instead of just one.  First of all, on behalf of China --

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  I may choose which one I want to answer.

Q    Of course. 

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  That's always the danger of asking two questions.

Q    First of all, you've had a very fruitful meeting with our President.  And during the Clinton administration, U.S.-China relationship were characterized, in Clinton's words, "strategic, constructive partnership."  During the Bush era, it was -- the catchphrase was "stakeholder."  The Bush administration expects China to become a responsible stakeholder in international affairs.  Have you come up with a catchphrase of your own?  And certainly it is not the G2, is it?

My second question is, on behalf of the world, politics is very local, even though we've been talking about global solution, as indicated by your recent preference over American journalists and British -- which is okay.  How can you make sure that you will do whatever you can so that -- that local politics will not trump or negatively affect good international economics? Thank you, Mr. President.

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Well, those are excellent questions.  On the first question, your American counterparts will tell you I'm terrible with those little catchphrases and sound bites.  So I haven't come up with anything catchy yet, but if you have any suggestions, let me know.  I'll be happy to use them.

In terms of local politics, look, I'm the President of the United States.  I'm not the President of China, I'm not the President of Japan, I'm not the President of the other participants here.  And so I have a direct responsibility to my constituents to make their lives better.  That's why they put me in there.  That accounts for some of the questions here, about how concretely does me being here help them find a job, pay for their home, send their kids to college, live what we call the American Dream.  And I will be judged by my effectiveness in meeting their needs and concerns.  

But in an era of integration and interdependence, it is also my responsibility to lead America into recognizing that its interests, its fate is tied up with the larger world; that if we neglect or abandon those who are suffering in poverty, that not only are we depriving ourselves of potential opportunities for markets and economic growth, but ultimately that despair may turn to violence that turns on us; that unless we are concerned about the education of all children and not just our children, not only may we be depriving ourselves of the next great scientist who's going to find the next new energy source that saves the planet, but we also may make people around the world much more vulnerable to anti-American propaganda.

So if I'm effective as America's President right now, part of that effectiveness involves holding a -- providing Americans insight into how their self-interest is tied up with yours.  And that's an ongoing project because it's not always obvious. 

And there are going to be times where short-term interests are going to differ; there's no doubt about it.  And protectionism is the classic example.  You can make arguments that if you can get away with protecting your markets, as long as the other folks don't protect theirs, then in the short term you may benefit.  And it then becomes important not only for me to try to give people a sense of why, over the long term, that's counterproductive, but also it becomes important for me to put policies in place in the United States that provide a cushion, provide support for those people who may suffer local dislocations because of globalization.  And that's something that I think every government has to think about.           

There are individuals who will be harmed by a trade deal.  There are businesses who will go out of business because of free trade.  And to the extent that a government is not there to help them reshape their company or retrain for the new jobs that are being created, over time you're going to get people who see -- who rightly see their personal self-interest in very narrow terms.  Okay?

Two more questions.  Jonathan Weisman.

Q    Thank you, Mr. President.  During the campaign you often spoke of a diminished power and authority of the United States over the last decade.  This is your first time in an international summit like this, and I'm wondering what evidence you saw of what you spoke of during the campaign.  And specifically, is the declaration of the end of the Washington consensus evidence of the diminished authority that you feared was out there?

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Well, first of all, during the campaign I did not say that some of that loss of authority was inevitable.  I said it was traced to very specific decisions that the previous administration had made that I believed had lowered our standing in the world.  And that wasn't simply my opinion; that was, it turns out, the opinion of many people around the world. 

I would like to think that with my election and the early decisions that we've made, that you're starting to see some restoration of America's standing in the world.  And although, as you know, I always mistrust polls, international polls seem to indicate that you're seeing people more hopeful about America's leadership.

Now, we remain the largest economy in the world by a pretty significant margin.  We remain the most powerful military on Earth.  Our production of culture, our politics, our media still have -- I didn't mean to say that with such scorn, guys -- you know I'm teasing -- still has enormous influence.  And so I do not buy into the notion that America can't lead in the world.  I wouldn't be here if I didn't think that we had important things to contribute. 

I just think in a world that is as complex as it is, that it is very important for us to be able to forge partnerships as opposed to simply dictating solutions.  Just a -- just to try to crystallize the example, there's been a lot of comparison here about Bretton Woods.  "Oh, well, last time you saw the entire international architecture being remade."  Well, if there's just Roosevelt and Churchill sitting in a room with a brandy, that's a -- that's an easier negotiation.  But that's not the world we live in, and it shouldn't be the world that we live in.

And so that's not a loss for America; it's an appreciation that Europe is now rebuilt and a powerhouse.  Japan is rebuilt, is a powerhouse.  China, India -- these are all countries on the move.  And that's good.  That means there are millions of people -- billions of people -- who are working their way out of poverty.  And over time, that potentially makes this a much more peaceful world.  
 
And that's the kind of leadership we need to show -- one that helps guide that process of orderly integration without taking our eyes off the fact that it's only as good as the benefits of individual families, individual children:  Is it giving them more opportunity; is it giving them a better life?  If we judge ourselves by those standards, then I think America can continue to show leadership for a very long time.

I'm going to call one foreigner -- actually, I'm the foreigner.  That's why I smiled.  One correspondent not from America.  And then I will -- [vociferous commotion] -- we're not doing bidding here.  But I also want to make sure that I'm not showing gender bias.  So this young lady right here -- not you, sir, I'm sorry.
 
Q    Hi, Mr. President.

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  How are you?

Q    Thank you for choosing me.  I'm very well.  I'm from the Times of India.

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Wonderful.

Q    You met with our Prime Minister, Manmohan Singh.  What did you -- what is America doing to help India tackle terrorism emanating from Pakistan?

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Well, first of all, your Prime Minister is a wonderful man.

     Q    Thank you.  I agree.

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Well --

Q    I agree. 

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Did you have something to do with that, or -- You seem to kind of take -- take credit for it a little bit there. 
 
Q    Really proud of him, sir.

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Of course.  You should be proud of him.  I'm teasing you.

I think he's a very wise and decent man, and has done a wonderful job in guiding India, even prior to being Prime Minister, along a path of extraordinary economic growth that is a marvel, I think, for all the world.

We did discuss the issue of terrorism.  And we discussed it not simply in terms of terrorism emanating from Pakistan, although obviously we are very concerned about extremists and terrorists who have made camp in the border regions of Pakistan as well as in Afghanistan.  But we spoke about it more broadly in terms of how we can coordinate effectively on issues of counterterrorism. 

We also spoke about the fact that in a nuclear age, at a time when perhaps the greatest enemy of both India and Pakistan should be poverty, that it may make sense to create a more effective dialogue between India and Pakistan.  But obviously we didn't go in depth into those issues. 

We talked about a whole range of other issues related to, for example, energy, and how important it is for the United States to lead by example in reducing our carbon footprint so that we can help to forge agreements with countries like China and India that, on a per-capita basis, have a much smaller footprint and so justifiably chafe at the idea that they should have to sacrifice their development for our efforts to control climate change; but also acknowledging that if China and India, with their populations, had the same energy usage as the average American, then we would have all melted by now.

And so that was a very interesting conversation that I will be pursuing not just with India, but hopefully with China and with other countries around the world.  In some ways our European counterparts have moved more quickly than we have on this issue. But I think even the Europeans have recognized that it's not easy.  It's even harder during times of economic downturn.

And so we're going to have to combine the low-hanging fruit of energy efficiency with rapid technological advances.  And to the extent that in some cases we can get international cooperation and pool our scientific and technical knowledge around things like developing coal sequestration, for example, that can be extremely helpful.  Okay?

I'm going to call on my last American correspondent, Chip.  And, Chip, my heart goes out to you.

Q    Thank you.  Thank you very much, Mr. President.  I appreciate that.

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  I just heard about that.

Q    Certainly there is a lot of sentiment in G20 countries that the United States was a major cause of the global economic meltdown.  To what degree did that topic come up in your discussions?  Did it make it difficult for some countries to accept advice from the United States when they blame the United States and its economic system for causing this in the first place?  And how do you respond to people who do blame America?

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Well, you know, I don't think that -- I think my colleagues in the G20 were extraordinarily gracious about my participation.  I think that they continue to express the desire to work with America, admiration about many things American.  There were occasional comments, usually wedged into some other topic, that indicated from their perspective that this started in America, or this started on Wall Street, or this started with particular banks or companies.

Perhaps what helped was my willingness to acknowledge that  -- and it's hard to deny -- that some of this contagion did start on Wall Street.  And as I've said back home, as I've said in public and as I would say in private, we had a number of firms that took wild and unjustified risks, we had regulators that were asleep at the switch, and it has taken an enormous toll on the U.S. economy and has spread to the world economy.

Now, I think that part of the reason people didn't give me too hard a time is because if you look at European banks or Asian banks, that they've had their own issues both in the past and in the future.  And I think there was a very constructive discussion about the fact that, given global financial flows, that unless we've got much more effective coordinated regulatory strategies, supervision, standards, that these problems will appear again.

Money is -- can move around the globe in a second.  And it will seek out the highest returns, and if those highest returns end up being built on a house of cards, then we're going to be seeing another threat to the world financial system wherever that house of cards might be.

And so, overall, I think there was an extraordinarily constructive approach among all the leaders.  I was very impressed with them.  I'm very grateful to them.  And I'm excited about the ability not just to help heal this economy but also to make progress on a sustainable model of economic growth that relies less on a cycle of bubble and bust -- something that I've spoken about back home.

All right?  Thank you, everybody.  Appreciate it.

Thank you so much. Good afternoon. Bon après-midi. And guten tag. It is a great honor for me to be here in Europe, to be here in Strasbourg. I want to make just a few acknowledgements. I want to thank the President of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, for being such a terrific friend. I want to thank his wife, Madam Sarkozy. They just hosted us at the palace and could not have been more gracious.

I want to thank the Charge d'Affaires, Mark Pekala, and his wife, Maria, who were helping to organize us; Vincent Carver, who's the Counsel General in Strasbourg. And I want to thank the Mayor of Strasbourg, Roland Ries, for his hospitality.

It is wonderful to be here with all of you and to have an opportunity not only to speak to you but also to take some questions. You know, oftentimes during these foreign trips you see everything from behind a window, and what we thought was important was for me to have an opportunity to not only speak with you but also to hear from you, because that's ultimately how we can learn about each other. But before I take some questions, I hope you don't mind me making a few remarks about my country and yours; the relationship between the United States and the relationship between Europe.

Strasbourg has been known throughout history as a city at the crossroads. Over thousands of years, you straddled many kingdoms and many cultures. Two rivers are joined here. Two religions have flourished in your churches. Three languages comprise an ancient oath that bears the city's name. You served as a center of industry and commerce, a seat of government and education, where Goethe studied and Pasteur taught and Gutenberg imagined his printing press.

So it's fitting because we find ourselves at a crossroads as well -- all of us -- for we've arrived at a moment where each nation and every citizen must choose at last how we respond to a world that has grown smaller and more connected than at any time in its existence.

We've known for a long time that the revolutions in communications and technology that took place in the 20th century would hold out enormous promise for the 21st century -- the promise of broader prosperity and mobility; of new breakthroughs and discoveries that could help us lead richer and fuller lives. But the same forces that have brought us closer together have also given rise to new dangers that threaten to tear our world apart -- dangers that cannot be contained by the nearest border or the furthest ocean.

Even with the Cold War now over, the spread of nuclear weapons or the theft of nuclear material could lead to the extermination of any city on the planet. And this weekend in Prague, I will lay out an agenda to seek the goal of a world without nuclear weapons.

We also know that the pollution from cars in Boston or from factories in Beijing are melting the ice caps in the Arctic, and that that will disrupt weather patterns everywhere. The terrorists who struck in London, in New York, plotted in distant caves and simple apartments much closer to your home. And the reckless speculation of bankers that has new fueled a global economic downturn that's inflicting pain on workers and families is happening everywhere all across the globe.

The economic crisis has proven the fact of our interdependence in the most visible way yet. Not more than a generation ago, it would have been difficult to imagine that the inability of somebody to pay for a house in Florida could contribute to the failure of the banking system in Iceland. Today what's difficult to imagine is that we did not act sooner to shape our future.

Now, there's plenty of blame to go around for what has happened, and the United States certainly shares its -- shares blame for what has happened. But every nation bears responsibility for what lies ahead, especially now, for whether it's the recession or climate change, or terrorism, or drug trafficking, poverty, or the proliferation of nuclear weapons, we have learned that without a doubt there's no quarter of the globe that can wall itself off from the threats of the 21st century.

The one way forward -- the only way forward -- is through a common and persistent effort to combat fear and want wherever they exist. That is the challenge of our time -- and we can not fail to meet it, together.

Now, we take for granted the peace of a Europe that's united, but for centuries Strasbourg has been attacked and occupied and claimed by the warring nations of this continent. Now, today in this city, the presence of the European Parliament and the Council of Europe stand as symbols of a Europe that is united peaceful and free.

Now, we take this peace and prosperity for granted, but this destination was not easily reached, nor was it predestined. The buildings that are now living monuments to European unity were not drawn from simple blueprints. They were born out of the blood of the first half of the 20th century and the resolve of the second. Men and women had to have the imagination to see a better future, and the courage to reach for it. Europeans and Americans had to have the sense of common purpose to join one another, and the patience and the persistence to see a long twilight struggle through.

It was 61 years ago this April that a Marshall Plan to rebuild Europe helped to deliver hope to a continent that had been decimated by war. Amid the ashes and the rubble that surrounded so many cities like this one, America joined with you in an unprecedented effort that secured a lasting prosperity not just in Europe, but around the world -- on both sides of the Atlantic.

One year later, exactly 60 years ago tomorrow, we ensured our shared security when 12 of our nations signed a treaty in Washington that spelled out a simple agreement: An attack on one would be viewed as an attack on all. Without firing a single shot, this Alliance would prevent the Iron Curtain from descending on the free nations of Western Europe. It would lead eventually to the crumbling of a wall in Berlin and the end of the Communist threat. Two decades later, with 28 member nations that stretched from the Baltic to the Mediterranean, NATO remains the strongest alliance that the world has ever known.

At the crossroads where we stand today, this shared history gives us hope -- but it must not give us rest. This generation cannot stand still. We cannot be content merely to celebrate the achievements of the 20th century, or enjoy the comforts of the 21st century; we must learn from the past to build on its success. We must renew our institutions, our alliances. We must seek the solutions to the challenges of this young century.

This is our generation. This is our time. And I am confident that we can meet any challenge as long as we are together.

Such an effort is never easy. It's always harder to forge true partnerships and sturdy alliances than to act alone, or to wait for the action of somebody else. It's more difficult to break down walls of division than to simply allow our differences to build and our resentments to fester. So we must be honest with ourselves. In recent years we've allowed our Alliance to drift. I know that there have been honest disagreements over policy, but we also know that there's something more that has crept into our relationship. In America, there's a failure to appreciate Europe's leading role in the world. Instead of celebrating your dynamic union and seeking to partner with you to meet common challenges, there have been times where America has shown arrogance and been dismissive, even derisive.

But in Europe, there is an anti-Americanism that is at once casual but can also be insidious. Instead of recognizing the good that America so often does in the world, there have been times where Europeans choose to blame America for much of what's bad.

On both sides of the Atlantic, these attitudes have become all too common. They are not wise. They do not represent the truth. They threaten to widen the divide across the Atlantic and leave us both more isolated. They fail to acknowledge the fundamental truth that America cannot confront the challenges of this century alone, but that Europe cannot confront them without America.

So I've come to Europe this week to renew our partnership, one in which America listens and learns from our friends and allies, but where our friends and allies bear their share of the burden. Together, we must forge common solutions to our common problems.

So let me say this as clearly as I can: America is changing, but it cannot be America alone that changes. We are confronting the greatest economic crisis since World War II. The only way to confront this unprecedented crisis is through unprecedented coordination.

Over the last few days, I believe that we have begun that effort. The G20 summit in London was a success of nations coming together, working out their differences, and moving boldly forward. All of us are moving aggressively to restore growth and lending. All of us have agreed to the most substantial overhaul of our international financial system in a generation. No one is exempt. No more will the world's financial players be able to make risky bets at the expense of ordinary people. Those days are over. We are ushering a new era of responsibility, and that is something we should all be proud of.

As we take these steps, we also affirm that we must not erect new barriers to commerce; that trade wars have no victors. We can't give up on open markets, even as we work to ensure that trade is both free and fair. We cannot forget how many millions that trade has lifted out of poverty and into the middle class. We can't forget that part of the freedom that our nations stood for throughout the Cold War was the opportunity that comes from free enterprise and individual liberty.

I know it can be tempting to turn inward, and I understand how many people and nations have been left behind by the global economy. And that's why the United States is leading an effort to reach out to people around the world who are suffering, to provide them immediate assistance and to extend support for food security that will help them lift themselves out of poverty.

All of us must join together in this effort, not just because it is right, but because by providing assistance to those countries most in need, we will provide new markets, we will drive the growth of the future that lifts all of us up. So it's not just charity; it's a matter of understanding that our fates are tied together -- not just the fate of Europe and America, but the fate of the entire world.

And as we restore our common prosperity, we must stand up for our common security. As we meet here today, NATO has still embarked on its first mission overseas in Afghanistan, and my administration has just completed a review of our policy in that region.

Now, I understand that this war has been long. Our allies have already contributed greatly to this endeavor. You've sent your sons and daughters to fight alongside ours, and we honor and respect their service and sacrifice.

And I also know that there's some who have asked questions about why are we still in Afghanistan? What does this mean? What's its purpose? Understand we would not deploy our own troops if this mission was not indispensable to our common security. As President, I can tell you there's no decision more difficult, there's no duty more painful, than signing a letter to the family of somebody who has died in war.

So I understand that there is doubt about this war in Europe. There's doubt at times even in the United States. But know this: The United States of America did not choose to fight a war in Afghanistan. We were attacked by an al Qaeda network that killed thousands on American soil, including French and Germans. Along the border of Afghanistan and Pakistan, those terrorists are still plotting today. And they're -- if there is another al Qaeda attack, it is just as likely, if not more, that it will be here in Europe in a European city.

So I've made a commitment to Afghanistan, and I've asked our NATO partners for more civilian and military support and assistance. We do this with a clear purpose: to root out the terrorists who threaten all of us, to train the Afghan people to sustain their own security and to help them advance their own opportunity, and to quicken the day when our troops come home.

We have no interest in occupying Afghanistan. We have more than enough to do in rebuilding America. But this is a mission that tests whether nations can come together in common purpose on behalf of our common security. That's what we did together in the 20th century. And now we need an alliance that is even stronger than when it brought down a mighty wall in Berlin.

That's why we applaud France's decision to expand and deepen its participation in NATO, just as we support a strong European defense. That's why we welcome Croatia and Albania into the fold. And that is why we must ensure that NATO is equipped and capable of facing down the threats and challenges of this new age. This is one of our central tasks.

And we also know that in the 21st century, security is more complex than military power. This is the generation that must also stop the spread of the pollution that is slowly killing our planet, from shrinking coastlines and devastating storms to widespread misery and famine and drought. The effects of climate change are now in plain sight.

Europe has acted with a seriousness of purpose that this challenge demands. And in the last few months I'm proud to say that America has begun to take unprecedented steps to transform the way that we use energy. We appointed a special envoy to help us lead a global effort to reduce the carbon that we send in the atmosphere.

But we all know that time is running out. And that means that America must do more. Europe must do more. China and India must do more. Rolling back the tide of a warming planet is a responsibility that we have to ourselves, to our children, and all of those who will inherit God's creation long after we are gone. So let us meet that responsibility together. I am confident that we can meet it. But we have to begin today.

And let us resolve that when future generations look back on ours, they will be able to say that we did our part to make this world more peaceful.

It's perhaps the most difficult work of all to resolve age-old conflicts, to heal ancient hatreds, to dissolve the lines of suspicion between religions and cultures, and people who may not look like us, or have the same faith that we do, or come from the same place. But just because it's difficult does not make the work any less important. It does not absolve us from trying.

And to that end, America will sustain our effort to forge and secure a lasting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians. I've sent a clear message to the leaders and peoples of Iran that while we have real differences, we also have mutual interests, and we seek new engagement based on mutual respect. And it is in that spirit that America and Europe must reach out to the vast majority of Muslims in our nations and in all nations. We seek only hope of peace and partnership, and the opportunity of a better life.

We cannot simply solve these conflicts militarily. We have to open our minds and we have to open our hearts to the differences among us and the commonalities between us. With every threat that we face, a new day is possible. We can't get there alone. As it was in the darkest days after World War II, when a continent lay in ruins and an atomic cloud had settled over the world, we must make the journey together.

We know that transformational change is possible. We know this because of three reasons: First, because, for all our differences, there are certain values that bind us together and reveal our common humanity: the universal longing to live a life free from fear, and free from want; a life marked by dignity and respect and simple justice.

Our two republics were founded in service of these ideals. In America, it is written into our founding documents as "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." In France: "Liberté" -- absolutely -- "egalité, fraternité." Our moral authority is derived from the fact that generations of our citizens have fought and bled to uphold these values in our nations and others.

And that's why we can never sacrifice them for expedience's sake. That's why I've ordered the closing of the detention center in Guantanamo Bay. That's why I can stand here today and say without equivocation or exception that the United States of America does not and will not torture.

The second way that we can turn challenge into opportunity is through our persistence in the face of difficulty. In an age of instant gratification, it's tempting to believe that every problem can and should be solved in the span of a week. When these problems aren't solved, we conclude that our efforts to solve them must have been in vain. But that's not how progress is made. Progress is slow. It comes in fits and starts, because we try and we fail and then we try something else. And when there are setbacks and disappointments we keep going. We hold firm to our core values, and we hold firm to our faith in one another.

The third reason we know that we can change this world is because of men and women like the young people who are here today. Each time we find ourselves at a crossroads, paralyzed by worn debates and stale thinking, the old ways of doing things, a new generation rises up and shows the way forward. As Robert Kennedy once told a crowd of students in South Africa, "It is a revolutionary world that we live in, and thus, it is young people who must take the lead." Because young people are unburdened by the biases or prejudices of the past. That is a great privilege of youth. But it's also a tremendous responsibility because it is you who must ultimately decide what we do with this incredible moment in history.

We just emerged from an era marked by irresponsibility, and it would be easy to choose the path of selfishness or apathy, of blame or division. But that is a danger that we cannot afford. The challenges are too great. It is a revolutionary world that we live in, and history shows us that we can do improbable, sometimes impossible things. We stand here in a city that used to stand at the center of European conflict; only now it is the center of European union. We did that together. Now we must not give up on one another. We must renew this relationship for a new generation, in a new century. We must hold firm to our common values, hold firm to our faith in one another. Together, I'm confident that we can achieve the promise of a new day.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Q & A

Please, everybody have a seat. So the way this works -- do we have microphones in the audience? Yes? So just raise your hand if you want a question, and I will call on you. I think we have some translators. If you want to speak French and German, my French and German are terrible. But we have people who speak very good French and very good German who will translate your question, and translate my answer. And I will try to get as many questions as I can get in, in the remaining 20 minutes or so that we have.

And I will start with this young lady right here. Yes, you, right there. Please introduce yourself. Hold on, I can't hear you yet. Can we increase the sound on the mic? Let's try again. Oh, I called -- now, I just want to say I did not call on the American on purpose.

Q [Inaudible.]

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Well, after only two months, that's kind of a big question. But here's what I would like to see. And, look, you aim high knowing that you'll make mistakes and sometimes you'll fall short.

Number one, my first task is to restore the economy of the United States, but, in concert with other nations, to restore global economic growth. That's my number one task, because we are going through the worst crisis since the 1930s.

That means that not only do we have to fix the banking system, put common-sense regulations in place to prevent a crisis like this from ever happening again, making sure that we are keeping trade relationships between countries open -- but it also means helping developing countries and poor countries who, through no fault of their own, have been devastated by this crisis, and if we allow them to collapse will ultimately be a drag on our ability to prosper.

Emerging markets have actually been the drivers of economic growth over the last several years. If we can get millions of Chinese to prosper, that is ultimately good for us. If we can get all the Indians in poverty to suddenly be able to buy a refrigerator or send their children to college, that will raise everybody's living standards, because those will be enormous new markets for all of us.

So what I want to be able to do is not only fix the immediate crisis, but, working in partnership with other countries, create a path for sustainable, responsible growth. And I think we can do that. There are a lot of people who benefit from globalization, but there are also people who have been harmed by globalization. Globalization in and of itself can be good, but can also be destructive.

If we create the right framework so that what happened in the banking system can't happen again, then globalization can be good for everybody and lift everybody's living standards up. And by the way, history has shown us that we are most vulnerable to war and conflict when people are desperate economically. And nobody knows that history more than Europe.

So that would be number one. Number two is I would like to be able to say that as a consequence of my work, that we drastically lessened the threat of not only terrorism but also nuclear terrorism. And we can't reduce the threat of a nuclear weapon going off unless those who possess the most nuclear weapons -- the United States and Russia -- take serious steps to actually reduce our stockpiles.

So we are going to -- so we want to pursue that vigorously in the years ahead. And I had a excellent meeting with President Medvedev of Russia to get started that process of reducing our nuclear stockpiles, which will then give us greater moral authority to say to Iran, don't develop a nuclear weapon; to say to North Korea, don't proliferate nuclear weapons.

In my own country, what I think is very important is that we finally get a health care system that is reliable and cost-effective. That's something that -- you know, that's a social safety net that exits in almost all of Europe that doesn't exist in the United States. You have millions of people who work hard every single day, but if they get sick they could potentially lose everything. And in a country as wealthy as ours, that's not acceptable to me.

So we are going to work hard to make sure that we have a health care system that won't be identical to what you have in Europe -- each country has its own traditions and approaches -- but that provides people quality, affordable, accessible health care.

And then, I would like to see us in the United States take the lead on a new approach to energy -- because none of the developed countries are going to be able to sustain their growth if we don't start using energy differently, and the world cannot survive all countries using energy in the same ways that we use it.

I was meeting with the Indian Prime Minister yesterday after the summit -- a very good and wise man, Prime Minister Singh -- and he was talking about how Indian growth rates have gone up 9 percent every year. They need to grow at that pace in order to bring hundreds of millions of people in their country out of abject poverty, desperate poverty. They have to grow at a rapid pace.

Now, he actually is committed to working towards dealing with the climate change issue, but he made a very simple point, which is a point that I understood before the meeting and all of us should not forget -- and that is that you cannot expect poor countries, or relatively poor countries, to be partners with us on climate change if we are not taking the lead, given that our carbon footprint is many times more than theirs per capita. I mean, each one of us in the developed world, I don't care how environmentally conscious you are, how green you are -- I'm sure there are some green folks here --

Q Yes!

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Yes! I don't care how green you are, you are -- you have a much bigger carbon footprint than the average Indian, or the average person from China. And so we in developed countries then -- it's critical for us to lead by example by becoming more energy efficient, and we also have to harness technology and shared scientific breakthroughs in order to find more sustainable energy patterns.

Now, I've got other things that I want to do, but that's a pretty long list. Let me go on to a few more questions.

All right, now, I know there's some other Americans in the crowd. But do me a favor, Americans, wait till we get back home and I'll do a town hall there -- because I want to hear from my French and German and European friends. All right. And -- wait, wait, wait -- this gentleman right here in the glasses.

Q Thank you, Mr. President. I'm a student from Heidelberg, Germany, and -- my mother tongue is German, but my French is not good enough, so I ask my question in English.

You mentioned in your speech that we are a lucky generation. We live in peace, we live in democracies and free states, and we really -- we are very pleased to have this situation in Europe. But this is not the case all over the world, even not in Europe. Look to Belarus, for example; there's an autocratic regime.

And so my question concerns the many children all over the world that live in poverty, under human rights violation. They have hunger, they have no education, and other problems. So what is your strategy, Mr. President, to solve this problem?

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Well, it's an excellent question, and the -- first of all, I think one of the things that we should be very proud of from the G20 summit yesterday was that we made a significant commitment to additional resources through the IMF and other mechanisms to provide assistance to emerging markets and poor countries that, as I said, are bearing the burden of a collapse in the financial system that they had nothing to do with.

The problem is so many of these countries had export-oriented markets, and when the economies contracted in our developing nations, it made them extremely vulnerable. You know, you have a country like Botswana, which is actually a well-managed country that has made enormous progress, but their main revenue generator is diamond sales, and they have literally seen the diamond market collapse -- in part because they couldn't get trade financing, in part because the demand in developed countries has dropped off. So we started to make progress there. Our most important task right now is helping them get through this crisis.

Over the long term, though, we've got to have a strategy that recognizes that the interest of the developed world in feeding the hungry, in educating children, that that's not just charity; it's in our interest. There's not a direct correlation between poverty and violence and conflict and terrorism. But I can tell you that if children have no education whatsoever, if young men are standing idle each and every day, and feel completely detached and completely removed from the modern world, they are more likely, they are more susceptible to ideologies that appeal to violence and destruction.

If you have no health facilities whatsoever in countries in Africa, these days a pandemic can get on a plane and be in Strasbourg or New York City or Chicago overnight. So we better think about making sure that there are basic public health facilities and public health infrastructure in those countries, because we can't shield ourselves from these problems. So that means developed countries have to increase aid, but it also means that the countries who are receiving aid have to use it wisely.

My father was from Kenya. And when I traveled to Kenya -- I had just been elected to the United States Senate -- everybody was very excited and they greeted me as if I was already a head of state, and there were people waving and lining the streets. I went to speak at a university and I had to be honest, which was, America has an obligation to provide Kenya help on a whole range of issues, but if Kenya doesn't solve its own corruption problem, then Kenya will never grow. It will never be able to provide for its own.

And so there's nothing wrong with the developed nations insisting that we will increase our commitments, that we will design our aid programs more effectively, that we will open up our markets to trade from poor countries, but that we will also insist that there is good governance and rule of law, and other critical factors in order to make these countries work.

We spend so much time talking about democracy -- and obviously we should be promoting democracy everywhere we can. But democracy, a well-functioning society that promotes liberty and equality and fraternity, a well-functioning society does not just depend on going to the ballot box. It also means that you're not going to be shaken down by police because the police aren't getting properly paid. It also means that if you want to start a business, you don't have to pay a bribe. I mean, there are a whole host of other factors that people need to -- need to recognize in building a civil society that allows a country to be successful. And hopefully that will -- that approach will be reflected not just in my administration's policies but in the policies that are pursued by international agencies around the world. Okay, good.

All right, right up -- I've got two of you, so you have to choose one. Which one should I call on? I don't want to -- you're standing right next to each other. Oops. Well, I'm sorry, you know what, he actually called on the -- no, no, no, I was actually pointing down here. I didn't see those two ladies back there. Here you go, this one right here. Go ahead.

Q Well, hello, Mr. President. I'm sorry, I'm from Chicago, excuse me.

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Are you?

Q I'm also a student in the high school -- the international high school --

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Well, no, I'm sorry, if you're American I can't --

Q I'm also French.

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Wait, wait, wait, wait, hold on. She said she's also French. What does that mean?

Q Double nationality.

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Dual nationality. What do you think, should we let her ask the question? Okay, go ahead.

Q Thank you. Do you think that the economic crisis is an opportunity to restructure our industries in an ecological and sustainable way? And I also was wondering whether the dog was already in the White House or not.

PRESIDENT OBAMA: The -- we are getting a dog. This is a very important question in the United States -- what kind of dog we're getting and when we're getting it. It should be there soon.

I do think that in crisis there's always opportunity if it's used properly. So, for example, in the United States we decided to pass a large stimulus package to help growth at a time when the private sector was having a very difficult time.

Now, we could have just spent the money on the same old ways of doing things, but part of what we've decided was, if we're going to be spending a lot of government money anyway, why not spend it to double the amount of renewable energy? Why not spend it on retrofitting existing government buildings so that we drastically reduce their energy consumption? Why not start building high-speed rail?

One thing that, as an American who is proud as anybody of my country, I am always jealous about European trains. And I said to myself, why can't we have -- why can't we have high-speech rail? And so we're investing in that as well.

So on the transportation front, on -- with respect to building construction, on a whole range of issues, we are investing in new technologies that will make us more energy efficient. And that is one of the building blocks that's needed in order for us to reduce our carbon footprint and to work with other countries to achieve the climate change goals that I think are going to be so important.

I'm getting the signal that I've only got time for two more questions. Oh! I'm going to ask that young man in the suit -- because he got dressed up today. I know he doesn't usually wear a suit -- yes. Go ahead, go ahead.

Q I just want to know what do you expect from the French and the European countries regarding the war on terror?

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Good. That's a good question. Look, I think that over the last seven, eight years, as I said in my speech, a lot of tensions have developed between the United States and Europe. And one of the legacies, I hope, from my administration is, is that we start bringing our historic alliance back together in a much more effective way.

Now, that doesn't mean that we're not going to have honest disagreements. All countries have disagreements between themselves. But I think that we can work much more effectively and cooperatively, and maintain that core trust that we have towards each other.

Nowhere have we seen more suspicion than around questions of war and peace and how we respond to terrorism. When 9/11 happened, Europe responded as a true friend would respond to the United States, saying, "We are all Americans." All of us have a stake in ensuring that innocent people who were just going about their business, going to work, suddenly find themselves slaughtered -- all of us have an interest in preventing that kind of vicious, evil act.

But after the initial NATO engagement in Afghanistan, we got sidetracked by Iraq, and we have not fully recovered that initial insight that we have a mutual interest in ensuring that organizations like al Qaeda cannot operate. And I think that it is important for Europe to understand that even though I'm now President and George Bush is no longer President, al Qaeda is still a threat, and that we cannot pretend somehow that because Barack Hussein Obama got elected as President, suddenly everything is going to be okay.

It is going to be a very difficult challenge. Al Qaeda is still bent on carrying out terrorist activity. It is -- don't fool yourselves -- because some people say, well, you know, if we changed our policies with respect to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, or if we were more respectful towards the Muslim world, suddenly these organizations would stop threatening us. That's just not the case.

It is true that we have to change our behavior in showing the Muslim world greater respect, and changing our language and changing our tone. It is true that we have to work very hard for Israeli-Palestinian peace. But what is also true is that these organizations are willing to kill innocent people because of a twisted, distorted ideology. And we, as democracies and as people who value human life, can't allow those organizations to operate.

So here's the bottom line. The United States has reviewed and redesigned its approach to Afghanistan. We believe that we cannot just win militarily. We have to win through development aid. We have to win through increasing the capacity of the Afghan government to provide basic services to its people and to uphold rule of law. We have to work with the Pakistani government so that they are more trusted by their population and have more control so that they can then go -- help us go after these terrorists. We have to encourage diplomacy in the region.

So it can't just be a military strategy and we will be in partnership with Europe on the development side and on the diplomatic side. But there will be a military component to it, and Europe should not simply expect the United States to shoulder that burden alone. We should not because this is a joint problem and it requires joint effort.

One last point I will make. In dealing with terrorism, we can't lose sight of our values and who we are. That's why I closed Guantanamo. That's why I made very clear that we will not engage in certain interrogation practices. I don't believe that there is a contradiction between our security and our values. And when you start sacrificing your values, when you lose yourself, then over the long term that will make you less secure. When we saw what happened in Abu Ghraib, that wasn't good for our security -- that was a recruitment tool for terrorism. Humiliating people is never a good strategy to battle terrorism.

So we are going to conduct our operations in a way that reflect our best selves and make sure that we are proud. And that, in turn, will allow the Europeans, I think, to feel good about our joint efforts, and also not to have excuses not to participate in those joint efforts. All right?

Okay, last question. All right, let me see here. All right, that young lady in the red right there, right there. She had all her friends helping her out.

Q Thank you. Hi, I'm Enis Otto [phonetic] from Heidelberg. And I'm totally European. And first of all, I wanted to tell you that your name in Hungarian means "peach."

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Peach?

Q Yes.

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Oh, okay. Well, how about that. I did not know that.

Q Yes, now you know it. And we wanted to know if you -- did you ever regret to have run for presidency till now? I mean, well, did you ever ask yourself, am I sure to manage -- yes.

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Yes, it's a good question. Michelle definitely asked that question. You know, there are -- there have been times, certainly, during the campaign, and there have been times over the last several months where you feel a lot of weight on your shoulders. There's no doubt about it.

During the campaign, the biggest sacrifice -- the thing that was most difficult was that I was away from my family all the time. In addition to missing -- in addition to being jealous about high-speed rail and the nice trains here, I'm also jealous of the fact that campaigns here only last a few months, whereas in the United States we were running for two years. So I was away from home all the time, and that was very difficult because not only do I have a wonderful wife, but I have two perfect daughters. And so, you know, I missed them a lot.

But the nice thing is now that I'm President, it turns out I have this really nice office in my house called the Oval Office, and so it only takes me a few seconds to get upstairs, and I'm home for dinner every night.

You also lose privacy and autonomy -- or anonymity. You know, it's very frustrating now -- it used to be when I came to Europe, that I could just wander down to a café and sit and have some wine and watch people go by, and go into a little shop, and watch the sun go down. Now I'm in hotel rooms all the time and I have security around me all the time. And so just -- you know, losing that ability to just take a walk, that is something that is frustrating.

But having said all that, I truly believe that there's nothing more noble than public service. Now, that doesn't mean that you have to run for President. You know, you might work for Doctors Without Borders, or you might volunteer for an -- or you might be somebody working for the United Nations, or you might be the mayor of Strasbourg. Right? I mean, they're all -- you might volunteer in your own community.

But the point is that what I found at a very young age was that if you only think about yourself -- how much money can I make, what can I buy, how nice is my house, what kind of fancy car do I have -- that over the long term I think you get bored. I think your life becomes -- I think if you're only thinking about yourself, your life becomes diminished; and that the way to live a full life is to think about, what can I do for others? How can I be a part of this larger project of making a better world?

Now, that could be something as simple as making -- as the joy of taking care of your family and watching your children grow and succeed. But I think especially for the young people here, I hope you also consider other ways that you can serve, because the world has so many challenges right now, there's so many opportunities to make a difference, and it would be a tragedy if all of you who are so talented and energetic, if you let that go to waste; if you just stood back and watched the world pass you by.

Better to jump in, get involved. And it does mean that sometimes you'll get criticized and sometimes you'll fail and sometimes you'll be disappointed, but you'll have a great adventure, and at the end of your life hopefully you'll be able to look back and say, I made a difference.

All right. Thank you, everybody.

Thank you so much. Thank you for this wonderful welcome. Thank you to the people of Prague. Thank you to the people of the Czech Republic.

Today, I'm proud to stand here with you in the middle of this great city, in the center of Europe. And, to paraphrase one of my predecessors, I am also proud to be the man who brought Michelle Obama to Prague.1

To Mr. President, Mr. Prime Minister, to all the dignitaries who are here, thank you for your extraordinary hospitality. And to the people of the Czech Republic, thank you for your friendship to the United States.

I've learned over many years to appreciate the good company and the good humor of the Czech people in my hometown of Chicago. Behind me is a statue of a hero of the Czech people -- Tomas Masaryk. In 1918, after America had pledged its support for Czech independence, Masaryk spoke to a crowd in Chicago that was estimated to be over 100,000. I don't think I can match his record -- but I am honored to follow his footsteps from Chicago to Prague.

For over a thousand years, Prague has set itself apart from any other city in any other place. You've known war and peace. You've seen empires rise and fall. You've led revolutions in the arts and science, in politics and in poetry. Through it all, the people of Prague have insisted on pursuing their own path, and defining their own destiny. And this city -- this Golden City which is both ancient and youthful -- stands as a living monument to your unconquerable spirit.

When I was born, the world was divided, and our nations were faced with very different circumstances. Few people would have predicted that someone like me would one day become the President of the United States. Few people would have predicted that an American President would one day be permitted to speak to an audience like this in Prague. Few would have imagined that the Czech Republic would become a free nation, a member of NATO, a leader of a united Europe. Those ideas would have been dismissed as dreams.

We are here today because enough people ignored the voices who told them that the world could not change.

We're here today because of the courage of those who stood up and took risks to say that freedom is a right for all people, no matter what side of a wall they live on, and no matter what they look like.

We are here today because of the Prague Spring -- because the simple and principled pursuit of liberty and opportunity shamed those who relied on the power of tanks and arms to put down the will of a people.

We are here today because 20 years ago, the people of this city took to the streets to claim the promise of a new day, and the fundamental human rights that had been denied them for far too long. Sametová Revoluce -- the Velvet Revolution taught us many things. It showed us that peaceful protest could shake the foundations of an empire, and expose the emptiness of an ideology. It showed us that small countries can play a pivotal role in world events, and that young people can lead the way in overcoming old conflicts. And it proved that moral leadership is more powerful than any weapon.

That's why I'm speaking to you in the center of a Europe that is peaceful, united and free -- because ordinary people believed that divisions could be bridged, even when their leaders did not. They believed that walls could come down; that peace could prevail.

We are here today because Americans and Czechs believed against all odds that today could be possible.

Now, we share this common history. But now this generation -- our generation -- cannot stand still. We, too, have a choice to make. As the world has become less divided, it has become more interconnected. And we've seen events move faster than our ability to control them -- a global economy in crisis, a changing climate, the persistent dangers of old conflicts, new threats and the spread of catastrophic weapons.

None of these challenges can be solved quickly or easily. But all of them demand that we listen to one another and work together; that we focus on our common interests, not on occasional differences; and that we reaffirm our shared values, which are stronger than any force that could drive us apart.  That is the work that we must carry on. That is the work that I have come to Europe to begin.

To renew our prosperity, we need action coordinated across borders. That means investments to create new jobs. That means resisting the walls of protectionism that stand in the way of growth. That means a change in our financial system, with new rules to prevent abuse and future crisis.

And we have an obligation to our common prosperity and our common humanity to extend a hand to those emerging markets and impoverished people who are suffering the most, even though they may have had very little to do with financial crises, which is why we set aside over a trillion dollars for the International Monetary Fund earlier this week, to make sure that everybody -- everybody -- receives some assistance.

Now, to protect our planet, now is the time to change the way that we use energy. Together, we must confront climate change by ending the world's dependence on fossil fuels, by tapping the power of new sources of energy like the wind and sun, and calling upon all nations to do their part. And I pledge to you that in this global effort, the United States is now ready to lead.

To provide for our common security, we must strengthen our alliance. NATO was founded 60 years ago, after Communism took over Czechoslovakia. That was when the free world learned too late that it could not afford division. So we came together to forge the strongest alliance that the world has ever known. And we should -- stood shoulder to shoulder -- year after year, decade after decade -- until an Iron Curtain was lifted, and freedom spread like flowing water.

This marks the 10th year of NATO membership for the Czech Republic. And I know that many times in the 20th century, decisions were made without you at the table. Great powers let you down, or determined your destiny without your voice being heard. I am here to say that the United States will never turn its back on the people of this nation. We are bound by shared values, shared history -- We are bound by shared values and shared history and the enduring promise of our alliance. NATO's Article V states it clearly: An attack on one is an attack on all. That is a promise for our time, and for all time.

The people of the Czech Republic kept that promise after America was attacked; thousands were killed on our soil, and NATO responded. NATO's mission in Afghanistan is fundamental to the safety of people on both sides of the Atlantic. We are targeting the same al Qaeda terrorists who have struck from New York to London, and helping the Afghan people take responsibility for their future. We are demonstrating that free nations can make common cause on behalf of our common security. And I want you to know that we honor the sacrifices of the Czech people in this endeavor, and mourn the loss of those you've lost.

But no alliance can afford to stand still. We must work together as NATO members so that we have contingency plans in place to deal with new threats, wherever they may come from. We must strengthen our cooperation with one another, and with other nations and institutions around the world, to confront dangers that recognize no borders. And we must pursue constructive relations with Russia on issues of common concern. 

Now, one of those issues that I'll focus on today is fundamental to the security of our nations and to the peace of the world -- that's the future of nuclear weapons in the 21st century.

The existence of thousands of nuclear weapons is the most dangerous legacy of the Cold War. No nuclear war was fought between the United States and the Soviet Union, but generations lived with the knowledge that their world could be erased in a single flash of light. Cities like Prague that existed for centuries, that embodied the beauty and the talent of so much of humanity, would have ceased to exist.

Today, the Cold War has disappeared but thousands of those weapons have not. In a strange turn of history, the threat of global nuclear war has gone down, but the risk of a nuclear attack has gone up. More nations have acquired these weapons. Testing has continued. Black market trade in nuclear secrets and nuclear materials abound. The technology to build a bomb has spread. Terrorists are determined to buy, build or steal one. Our efforts to contain these dangers are centered on a global non-proliferation regime, but as more people and nations break the rules, we could reach the point where the center cannot hold.

Now, understand, this matters to people everywhere. One nuclear weapon exploded in one city -- be it New York or Moscow, Islamabad or Mumbai, Tokyo or Tel Aviv, Paris or Prague -- could kill hundreds of thousands of people. And no matter where it happens, there is no end to what the consequences might be -- for our global safety, our security, our society, our economy, to our ultimate survival.

Some argue that the spread of these weapons cannot be stopped, cannot be checked -- that we are destined to live in a world where more nations and more people possess the ultimate tools of destruction. Such fatalism is a deadly adversary, for if we believe that the spread of nuclear weapons is inevitable, then in some way we are admitting to ourselves that the use of nuclear weapons is inevitable.

Just as we stood for freedom in the 20th century, we must stand together for the right of people everywhere to live free from fear in the 21st century. And as nuclear power -- as a nuclear power, as the only nuclear power to have used a nuclear weapon, the United States has a moral responsibility to act. We cannot succeed in this endeavor alone, but we can lead it, we can start it.

So today, I state clearly and with conviction America's commitment to seek the peace and security of a world without nuclear weapons. I'm not naive. This goal will not be reached quickly -- perhaps not in my lifetime. It will take patience and persistence. But now we, too, must ignore the voices who tell us that the world cannot change. We have to insist, "Yes, we can."

Now, let me describe to you the trajectory we need to be on. First, the United States will take concrete steps towards a world without nuclear weapons. To put an end to Cold War thinking, we will reduce the role of nuclear weapons in our national security strategy, and urge others to do the same. Make no mistake: As long as these weapons exist, the United States will maintain a safe, secure and effective arsenal to deter any adversary, and guarantee that defense to our allies -- including the Czech Republic. But we will begin the work of reducing our arsenal.

To reduce our warheads and stockpiles, we will negotiate a new Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty with the Russians this year. President Medvedev and I began this process in London, and will seek a new agreement by the end of this year that is legally binding and sufficiently bold. And this will set the stage for further cuts, and we will seek to include all nuclear weapons states in this endeavor.

To achieve a global ban on nuclear testing, my administration will immediately and aggressively pursue U.S. ratification of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. After more than five decades of talks, it is time for the testing of nuclear weapons to finally be banned.

And to cut off the building blocks needed for a bomb, the United States will seek a new treaty that verifiably ends the production of fissile materials intended for use in state nuclear weapons. If we are serious about stopping the spread of these weapons, then we should put an end to the dedicated production of weapons-grade materials that create them. That's the first step.

Second, together we will strengthen the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty as a basis for cooperation.

The basic bargain is sound: Countries with nuclear weapons will move towards disarmament, countries without nuclear weapons will not acquire them, and all countries can access peaceful nuclear energy. To strengthen the treaty, we should embrace several principles. We need more resources and authority to strengthen international inspections. We need real and immediate consequences for countries caught breaking the rules or trying to leave the treaty without cause.

And we should build a new framework for civil nuclear cooperation, including an international fuel bank, so that countries can access peaceful power without increasing the risks of proliferation. That must be the right of every nation that renounces nuclear weapons, especially developing countries embarking on peaceful programs. And no approach will succeed if it's based on the denial of rights to nations that play by the rules. We must harness the power of nuclear energy on behalf of our efforts to combat climate change, and to advance peace opportunity for all people.

But we go forward with no illusions. Some countries will break the rules. That's why we need a structure in place that ensures when any nation does, they will face consequences.

Just this morning, we were reminded again of why we need a new and more rigorous approach to address this threat. North Korea broke the rules once again by testing a rocket that could be used for long range missiles. This provocation underscores the need for action -- not just this afternoon at the U.N. Security Council, but in our determination to prevent the spread of these weapons.

Rules must be binding. Violations must be punished. Words must mean something. The world must stand together to prevent the spread of these weapons. Now is the time for a strong international response -- now is the time for a strong international response, and North Korea must know that the path to security and respect will never come through threats and illegal weapons. All nations must come together to build a stronger, global regime. And that's why we must stand shoulder to shoulder to pressure the North Koreans to change course.

Iran has yet to build a nuclear weapon. My administration will seek engagement with Iran based on mutual interests and mutual respect. We believe in dialogue. But in that dialogue we will present a clear choice. We want Iran to take its rightful place in the community of nations, politically and economically. We will support Iran's right to peaceful nuclear energy with rigorous inspections. That's a path that the Islamic Republic can take. Or the government can choose increased isolation, international pressure, and a potential nuclear arms race in the region that will increase insecurity for all.

So let me be clear: Iran's nuclear and ballistic missile activity poses a real threat, not just to the United States, but to Iran's neighbors and our allies. The Czech Republic and Poland have been courageous in agreeing to host a defense against these missiles. As long as the threat from Iran persists, we will go forward with a missile defense system that is cost-effective and proven. If the Iranian threat is eliminated, we will have a stronger basis for security, and the driving force for missile defense construction in Europe will be removed.

So, finally, we must ensure that terrorists never acquire a nuclear weapon. This is the most immediate and extreme threat to global security. One terrorist with one nuclear weapon could unleash massive destruction. Al Qaeda has said it seeks a bomb and that it would have no problem with using it. And we know that there is unsecured nuclear material across the globe. To protect our people, we must act with a sense of purpose without delay.

So today I am announcing a new international effort to secure all vulnerable nuclear material around the world within four years. We will set new standards, expand our cooperation with Russia, pursue new partnerships to lock down these sensitive materials.

We must also build on our efforts to break up black markets, detect and intercept materials in transit, and use financial tools to disrupt this dangerous trade. Because this threat will be lasting, we should come together to turn efforts such as the Proliferation Security Initiative and the Global Initiative to Combat Nuclear Terrorism into durable international institutions. And we should start by having a Global Summit on Nuclear Security that the United States will host within the next year.

Now, I know that there are some who will question whether we can act on such a broad agenda. There are those who doubt whether true international cooperation is possible, given inevitable differences among nations. And there are those who hear talk of a world without nuclear weapons and doubt whether it's worth setting a goal that seems impossible to achieve.

But make no mistake: We know where that road leads. When nations and peoples allow themselves to be defined by their differences, the gulf between them widens. When we fail to pursue peace, then it stays forever beyond our grasp. We know the path when we choose fear over hope. To denounce or shrug off a call for cooperation is an easy but also a cowardly thing to do. That's how wars begin. That's where human progress ends.

There is violence and injustice in our world that must be confronted. We must confront it not by splitting apart but by standing together as free nations, as free people. I know that a call to arms can stir the souls of men and women more than a call to lay them down. But that is why the voices for peace and progress must be raised together.

Those are the voices that still echo through the streets of Prague. Those are the ghosts of 1968. Those were the joyful sounds of the Velvet Revolution. Those were the Czechs who helped bring down a nuclear-armed empire without firing a shot.

Human destiny will be what we make of it. And here in Prague, let us honor our past by reaching for a better future. Let us bridge our divisions, build upon our hopes, accept our responsibility to leave this world more prosperous and more peaceful than we found it. Together we can do it.

Thank you very much. Thank you, Prague.

Mr. Speaker, Madam Deputy Speaker, distinguished members, I am honored to speak in this chamber, and I am committed to renewing the alliance between our nations and the friendship between our people.

This is my first trip overseas as President of the United States. I've been to the G20 summit in London, and the NATO summit in Strasbourg, and the European Union summit in Prague. Some people have asked me if I chose to continue my travels to Ankara and Istanbul to send a message to the world. And my answer is simple: Evet -- yes. Turkey is a critical ally. Turkey is an important part of Europe. And Turkey and the United States must stand together -- and work together -- to overcome the challenges of our time.

This morning I had the great privilege of visiting the tomb of your extraordinary founder of your republic. And I was deeply impressed by this beautiful memorial to a man who did so much to shape the course of history. But it is also clear that the greatest monument to Ataturk's life is not something that can be cast in stone and marble. His greatest legacy is Turkey's strong, vibrant, secular democracy, and that is the work that this assembly carries on today.

This future was not easily assured, it was not guaranteed. At the end of World War I, Turkey could have succumbed to the foreign powers that were trying to claim its territory, or sought to restore an ancient empire. But Turkey chose a different future. You freed yourself from foreign control, and you founded a republic that commands the respect of the United States and the wider world.

And there is a simple truth to this story: Turkey's democracy is your own achievement. It was not forced upon you by any outside power, nor did it come without struggle and sacrifice. Turkey draws strength from both the successes of the past, and from the efforts of each generation of Turks that makes new progress for your people.

Now, my country's democracy has its own story. The general who led America in revolution and governed as our first President was, as many of you know, George Washington. And like you, we built a grand monument to honor our founding father -- a towering obelisk that stands in the heart of the capital city that bears Washington's name. I can see the Washington Monument from the window of the White House every day.

It took decades to build. There were frequent delays. Over time, more and more people contributed to help make this monument the inspiring structure that still stands tall today. Among those who came to our aid were friends from all across the world who offered their own tributes to Washington and the country he helped to found.

And one of those tributes came from Istanbul. Ottoman Sultan Abdulmecid sent a marble plaque that helped to build the Washington Monument. Inscribed in the plaque was a poem that began with a few simple words: "So as to strengthen the friendship between the two countries." Over 150 years have passed since those words were carved into marble. Our nations have changed in many ways. But our friendship is strong, and our alliance endures.

It is a friendship that flourished in the years after World War II, when President Truman committed our nation to the defense of Turkey's freedom and sovereignty, and Turkey committed itself into the NATO Alliance. Turkish troops have served by our side from Korea to Kosovo to Kabul. Together, we withstood the great test of the Cold War. Trade between our nations has steadily advanced. So has cooperation in science and research.

The ties among our people have deepened, as well, and more and more Americans of Turkish origin live and work and succeed within our borders. And as a basketball fan, I've even noticed that Hedo Turkoglu and Mehmet Okur have got some pretty good basketball games.

The United States and Turkey have not always agreed on every issue, and that's to be expected -- no two nations do. But we have stood together through many challenges over the last 60 years. And because of the strength of our alliance and the endurance of our friendship, both America and Turkey are stronger and the world is more secure.

Now, our two democracies are confronted by an unprecedented set of challenges: An economic crisis that recognizes no borders; extremism that leads to the killing of innocent men and women and children; strains on our energy supply and a changing climate; the proliferation of the world's deadliest weapons; and the persistence of tragic conflict.

These are the great tests of our young century. And the choices that we make in the coming years will determine whether the future will be shaped by fear or by freedom; by poverty or by prosperity; by strife or by a just, secure and lasting peace.

This much is certain: No one nation can confront these challenges alone, and all nations have a stake in overcoming them. That is why we must listen to one another, and seek common ground. That is why we must build on our mutual interests, and rise above our differences. We are stronger when we act together. That is the message that I've carried with me throughout this trip to Europe. That is the message that I delivered when I had the privilege of meeting with your President and with your Prime Minister. That will be the approach of the United States of America going forward.

Already, America and Turkey are working with the G20 on an unprecedented response to an unprecedented economic crisis. Now, this past week, we came together to ensure that the world's largest economies take strong and coordinated action to stimulate growth and restore the flow of credit; to reject the pressures of protectionism, and to extend a hand to developing countries and the people hit hardest by this downturn; and to dramatically reform our regulatory system so that the world never faces a crisis like this again.

As we go forward, the United States and Turkey can pursue many opportunities to serve prosperity for our people. The President and I this morning talked about expanding the ties of commerce and trade. There's enormous opportunity when it comes to energy to create jobs. And we can increase new sources to not only free ourselves from dependence of other energies -- other countries' energy sources, but also to combat climate change. We should build on our Clean Technology Fund to leverage efficiency and renewable energy investments in Turkey. And to power markets in Turkey and Europe, the United States will continue to support your central role as an East-West corridor for oil and natural gas.

This economic cooperation only reinforces the common security that Europe and the United States share with Turkey as a NATO ally, and the common values that we share as democracies. So in meeting the challenges of the 21st century, we must seek the strength of a Europe that is truly united, peaceful and free.

So let me be clear: The United States strongly supports Turkey's bid to become a member of the European Union. We speak not as members of the EU, but as close friends of both Turkey and Europe. Turkey has been a resolute ally and a responsible partner in transatlantic and European institutions. Turkey is bound to Europe by more than the bridges over the Bosphorous. Centuries of shared history, culture, and commerce bring you together. Europe gains by the diversity of ethnicity, tradition and faith -- it is not diminished by it. And Turkish membership would broaden and strengthen Europe's foundation once more.

Now, of course, Turkey has its own responsibilities. And you've made important progress towards membership. But I also know that Turkey has pursued difficult political reforms not simply because it's good for EU membership, but because it's right for Turkey.

In the last several years, you've abolished state security courts, you've expanded the right to counsel. You've reformed the penal code and strengthened laws that govern the freedom of the press and assembly. You've lifted bans on teaching and broadcasting Kurdish, and the world noted with respect the important signal sent through a new state Kurdish television station.

These achievements have created new laws that must be implemented, and a momentum that should be sustained. For democracies cannot be static -- they must move forward. Freedom of religion and expression lead to a strong and vibrant civil society that only strengthens the state, which is why steps like reopening Halki Seminary will send such an important signal inside Turkey and beyond. An enduring commitment to the rule of law is the only way to achieve the security that comes from justice for all people. Robust minority rights let societies benefit from the full measure of contributions from all citizens.

I say this as the President of a country that not very long ago made it hard for somebody who looks like me to vote, much less be President of the United States. But it is precisely that capacity to change that enriches our countries. Every challenge that we face is more easily met if we tend to our own democratic foundation. This work is never over. That's why, in the United States, we recently ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed. That's why we prohibited -- without exception or equivocation -- the use of torture. All of us have to change. And sometimes change is hard.

Another issue that confronts all democracies as they move to the future is how we deal with the past. The United States is still working through some of our own darker periods in our history. Facing the Washington Monument that I spoke of is a memorial of Abraham Lincoln, the man who freed those who were enslaved even after Washington led our Revolution. Our country still struggles with the legacies of slavery and segregation, the past treatment of Native Americans.

Human endeavor is by its nature imperfect. History is often tragic, but unresolved, it can be a heavy weight. Each country must work through its past. And reckoning with the past can help us seize a better future. I know there's strong views in this chamber about the terrible events of 1915. And while there's been a good deal of commentary about my views, it's really about how the Turkish and Armenian people deal with the past. And the best way forward for the Turkish and Armenian people is a process that works through the past in a way that is honest, open and constructive.

We've already seen historic and courageous steps taken by Turkish and Armenian leaders. These contacts hold out the promise of a new day. An open border would return the Turkish and Armenian people to a peaceful and prosperous coexistence that would serve both of your nations. So I want you to know that the United States strongly supports the full normalization of relations between Turkey and Armenia. It is a cause worth working towards.

It speaks to Turkey's leadership that you are poised to be the only country in the region to have normal and peaceful relations with all the South Caucasus nations. And to advance that peace, you can play a constructive role in helping to resolve the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict, which has continued for far too long.

Advancing peace also includes the disputes that persist in the Eastern Mediterranean. And here there's a cause for hope. The two Cypriot leaders have an opportunity through their commitment to negotiations under the United Nations Good Offices Mission. The United States is willing to offer all the help sought by the parties as they work towards a just and lasting settlement that reunifies Cyprus into a bizonal and bicommunal federation.

These efforts speak to one part of the critical region that surrounds Turkey. And when we consider the challenges before us, on issue after issue, we share common goals.

In the Middle East, we share the goal of a lasting peace between Israel and its neighbors. Let me be clear: The United States strongly supports the goal of two states, Israel and Palestine, living side by side in peace and security. That is a goal shared by Palestinians, Israelis, and people of goodwill around the world. That is a goal that the parties agreed to in the road map and at Annapolis. That is a goal that I will actively pursue as President of the United States.

We know the road ahead will be difficult. Both Israelis and Palestinians must take steps that are necessary to build confidence and trust. Both Israelis and Palestinians, both must live up to the commitments they have made. Both must overcome longstanding passions and the politics of the moment to make progress towards a secure and lasting peace.

The United States and Turkey can help the Palestinians and Israelis make this journey. Like the United States, Turkey has been a friend and partner in Israel's quest for security. And like the United States, you seek a future of opportunity and statehood for the Palestinians. So now, working together, we must not give into pessimism and mistrust. We must pursue every opportunity for progress, as you've done by supporting negotiations between Syria and Israel. We must extend a hand to those Palestinians who are in need, while helping them strengthen their own institutions. We must reject the use of terror, and recognize that Israel's security concerns are legitimate.

The peace of the region will also be advanced if Iran forgoes any nuclear weapons ambitions. Now, as I made clear in Prague yesterday, no one is served by the spread of nuclear weapons, least of all Turkey. You live in a difficult region and a nuclear arm race would not serve the security of this nation well. This part of the world has known enough violence. It has known enough hatred. It does not need a race for an ever-more powerful tool of destruction.

Now, I have made it clear to the people and leaders of the Islamic Republic of Iran that the United States seeks engagement based on mutual interest and mutual respect. We want Iran to play its rightful role in the community of nations. Iran is a great civilization. We want them to engage in the economic and political integration that brings prosperity and security. But Iran's leaders must choose whether they will try to build a weapon or build a better future for their people.

So both Turkey and the United States support a secure and united Iraq that does not serve as a safe haven for terrorists. I know there were differences about whether to go to war. There were differences within my own country, as well. But now we must come together as we end this war responsibly, because the future of Iraq is inseparable from the future of the broader region. As I've already announced, and many of you are aware, the United States will remove our combat brigades by the end of next August, while working with the Iraqi government as they take responsibility for security. And we will work with Iraq, Turkey, and all Iraq's neighbors, to forge a new dialogue that reconciles differences and advances our common security.

Make no mistake, though: Iraq, Turkey, and the United States face a common threat from terrorism. That includes the al Qaeda terrorists who have sought to drive Iraqis apart and destroy their country. That includes the PKK. There is no excuse for terror against any nation. As President, and as a NATO ally, I pledge that you will have our support against the terrorist activities of the PKK or anyone else. These efforts will be strengthened by the continued work to build ties of cooperation between Turkey, the Iraqi government, and Iraq's Kurdish leaders, and by your continued efforts to promote education and opportunity and democracy for the Kurdish population here inside Turkey.

Finally, we share the common goal of denying al Qaeda a safe haven in Pakistan or Afghanistan. The world has come too far to let this region backslide, and to let al Qaeda terrorists plot further attacks. That's why we are committed to a more focused effort to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat al Qaeda. That is why we are increasing our efforts to train Afghans to sustain their own security, and to reconcile former adversaries. That's why we are increasing our support for the people of Afghanistan and Pakistan, so that we stand on the side not only of security, but also of opportunity and the promise of a better life.

Turkey has been a true partner. Your troops were among the first in the International Security Assistance Force. You have sacrificed much in this endeavor. Now we must achieve our goals together. I appreciate that you've offered to help us train and support Afghan security forces, and expand opportunity across the region. Together, we can rise to meet this challenge like we have so many before.

I know there have been difficulties these last few years. I know that the trust that binds the United States and Turkey has been strained, and I know that strain is shared in many places where the Muslim faith is practiced. So let me say this as clearly as I can: The United States is not, and will never be, at war with Islam. In fact, our partnership with the Muslim world is critical not just in rolling back the violent ideologies that people of all faiths reject, but also to strengthen opportunity for all its people.

I also want to be clear that America's relationship with the Muslim community, the Muslim world, cannot, and will not, just be based upon opposition to terrorism. We seek broader engagement based on mutual interest and mutual respect. We will listen carefully, we will bridge misunderstandings, and we will seek common ground. We will be respectful, even when we do not agree. We will convey our deep appreciation for the Islamic faith, which has done so much over the centuries to shape the world -- including in my own country. The United States has been enriched by Muslim Americans. Many other Americans have Muslims in their families or have lived in a Muslim-majority country. I know, because I am one of them.

Above all, above all we will demonstrate through actions our commitment to a better future. I want to help more children get the education that they need to succeed. We want to promote health care in places where people are vulnerable. We want to expand the trade and investment that can bring prosperity for all people. In the months ahead, I will present specific programs to advance these goals. Our focus will be on what we can do, in partnership with people across the Muslim world, to advance our common hopes and our common dreams. And when people look back on this time, let it be said of America that we extended the hand of friendship to all people.

There's an old Turkish proverb: "You cannot put out fire with flames." America knows this. Turkey knows this. There's some who must be met by force, they will not compromise. But force alone cannot solve our problems, and it is no alternative to extremism. The future must belong to those who create, not those who destroy. That is the future we must work for, and we must work for it together.

I know there are those who like to debate Turkey's future. They see your country at the crossroads of continents, and touched by the currents of history. They know that this has been a place where civilizations meet, and different peoples come together. They wonder whether you will be pulled in one direction or another.

But I believe here is what they don't understand: Turkey's greatness lies in your ability to be at the center of things. This is not where East and West divide -- this is where they come together. In the beauty of your culture. In the richness of your history. In the strength of your democracy. In your hopes for tomorrow.

I am honored to stand here with you -- to look forward to the future that we must reach for together -- and to reaffirm America's commitment to our strong and enduring friendship.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you, guys. Let me say Multinational Force Iraq, Multinational Corps Iraq, Multinational Security Transition Command Iraq First Corps, America's Corp Band: Thanks to all of you. Listen, I am so honored.

Audience Member:  We love you.

President Obama: I love you back. I am honored -- I'm honored and grateful to be with all of you.  And I'm not going to talk long because I want to shake as many hands as I can. And I've been talking all week. But there's a couple of things I want to say.  Number one, thank you.

You know, when I was at Camp Lejeune I spoke about what it means for America to see our best and brightest, our finest young men and women serve us. And what I said then is something that I want to repeat to you, which is: You have performed brilliantly in every mission that has been given to you.

Under enormous strain and under enormous sacrifice, through controversy and difficulty and politics, you've kept your eyes focused on just doing your job. And because of that, every mission that's been assigned -- from getting rid of Saddam, to reducing violence, to stabilizing the country, to facilitating elections -- you have given Iraq the opportunity to stand on its own as a democratic country. That is an extraordinary achievement, and for that you have the thanks of the American people.  That's point number one.

Point number two is, this is going to be a critical period, these next 18 months.  I was just discussing this with your commander, but I think it's something that all of you know.  It is time for us to transition to the Iraqis. They need to take responsibility for their country and for their sovereignty.

And in order for them to do that, they have got to make political accommodations.  They're going to have to decide that they want to resolve their differences through constitutional means and legal means.  They are going to have to focus on providing government services that encourage confidence among their citizens.

All those things they have to do. We can't do it for them. But what we can do is make sure that we are a stalwart partner, that we are working alongside them, that we are committed to their success, that in terms of training their security forces, training their civilian forces in order to achieve a more effective government, they know that they have a steady partner with us.

And so just as we thank you for what you've already accomplished, I want to say thank you because you will be critical in terms of us being able to make sure that Iraq is stable, that it is not a safe haven for terrorists, that it is a good neighbor and a good ally, and we can start bringing our folks home. So now is not the time to lose focus. We have to be even more focused than we've been in order to achieve success.

The last point I want to make is I know how hard it's been on a lot of you. You've been away from your families, many of you for multiple rotations. You've seen buddies of yours injured and you remember those who have made the ultimate sacrifice.

There are probably some people here who have seen children born and have been missing watching them grow up.  There are many of you who have listened to your spouse and the extraordinary sacrifices that they have to make when you're gone.

And so I want you to know that Michelle and myself are doing everything -- are doing everything we can to provide additional support for military families. The federal budget that I have introduced increases support for military families. We are going to do everything required to make sure that the commitment we make to our veterans is met, and that people don't have to fight for what they have earned as a consequence of their service.

The main point I want to make is we have not forgotten what you have already done, we are grateful for what you will do, and as long as I am in the White House, you are going to get the support that you need and the thanks that you deserve from a grateful nation.

So thank you very much everybody. God bless you.

God bless the United States of America.

Well, to President DeGioia, thank you so much for the gracious introduction, and thanks for bringing your family -- including JT -- appreciate you. We're going to invite him over, hang out with the girls. He's a pretty good-looking young man.

To Mayor Adrian Fenty, who's doing such a great job in this city, thank you so much for your attendance. To Representative Donna Edwards, who is here and represents Maryland's 4th District, thank you.

To Georgetown University students, it is great to be here. Well, it is good to be back. I appeared in this room during the campaign and had a wonderful reception then, and it's wonderful to be back and be with all of you.

We're going to talk about the economy today. And I was telling President DeGioia this may be a slightly longer speech than I usually give, but it's a slightly bigger topic, and that is how we are going to deal with so many of our economic challenges.

You know, it's been 12 weeks now since my administration began. And I think that even our critics would agree that at the very least, we've been busy. In just under three months, we've responded to an extraordinary set of economic challenges with extraordinary action -- action that's been unprecedented both in terms of its scale and its speed.

And I know that some have accused us of taking on too much at once. Others believe we haven't done enough. And many Americans are simply wondering how all of our different programs and policies fit together in a single, overarching strategy that will move this economy from recession to recovery and ultimately to prosperity.

So today, I want to step back for a moment and explain our strategy as clearly as I can. This is going to be prose, and not poetry. I want to talk about what we've done, why we've done it, and what we have left to do. I want to update you on the progress we've made, but I also want to be honest about the pitfalls that may still lie ahead.

Most of all, I want every American to know that each action we take and each policy we pursue is driven by a larger vision of America's future -- a future where sustained economic growth creates good jobs and rising incomes; a future where prosperity is fueled not by excessive debt, or reckless speculation, or fleeting profits, but is instead built by skilled, productive workers, by sound investments that will spread opportunity at home and allow this nation to lead the world in the technologies and the innovation and discoveries that will shape the 21st century. That's the America I see. That's the America that Georgetown is preparing so many of you for. That is the future that I know that we can have.

Now, to understand how we get there, we first need to understand how we got here.

Recessions are not uncommon. Markets and economies naturally ebb and flow, as we've seen many times in our history. But this recession is different. This recession was not caused by a normal downturn in the business cycle. It was caused by a perfect storm of irresponsibility and poor decision-making that stretched from Wall Street to Washington to Main Street.

As has been widely reported, it started in the housing market. During the course of the decade, the formula for buying a house changed: Instead of saving their pennies to buy their dream house, many Americans found that suddenly they could take out loans that by traditional standards their incomes just could not support. Others were tricked into signing these subprime loans by lenders who were trying to make a quick profit. The reason these loans were so readily available was that Wall Street saw big profits to be made. Investment banks would buy and package together these questionable mortgages into securities, arguing that by pooling the mortgages the risks had somehow been reduced. And credit agencies that are supposed to help investors determine the soundness of various investments stamped the securities with their safest rating when they should have been labeled "Buyer Beware."

No one really knew what the actual value of these securities were, no one fully understood what the risks were. But since the housing market was booming and prices were rising, banks and investors just kept buying and selling them, always passing off the risk to someone else for a greater profit without having to take any of the ultimate responsibility. Banks took on more debt than they could handle.

The government-chartered companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, whose traditional mandate was to help support traditional mortgages, decided to get in on the action by buying and holding billions of dollars of these securities. AIG, the biggest insurer in the world that had a very traditional insurance business that was very profitable, decided to make profits suddenly by selling billions of dollars of complicated financial instruments that supposedly insured these securities. Everybody was making record profits -- except the wealth created was real only on paper. And as the bubble grew, there was almost no accountability or oversight from anyone in Washington.

Then the housing bubble burst. Home prices fell. People began to default on their subprime mortgages. And the value of all those loans and securities plummeted. Banks and investors couldn't find anyone to buy them. Greed gave way to fear. Investors pulled their money out of the market. Large financial institutions that didn't have enough money on hand to pay off all their obligations collapsed. Other banks held on tight to their money and simply stopped lending.

Now, this is when the crisis spread from Wall Street to Main Street. After all, the ability to get a loan is how you finance the purchase of everything from a home to a car to, as you all know very well, a college education. It's how stores stock their shelves, and farms buy equipment, and businesses make payroll. So when banks stopped lending money, businesses started laying off workers. When laid-off workers had less money to spend, businesses were forced to lay off even more workers. When people couldn't get a car loan, a bad situation at the auto companies became even worse. When people couldn't get home loans, the crisis in the housing market only deepened. Because the infected securities were being traded worldwide and other nations also had weak regulations, this recession soon became global. And when other nations can't afford to buy our goods, it slows our economy even further.

So this is the situation, the downward spiral that we confronted on the day that we took office. So our most urgent task has been to clear away the wreckage, repair the immediate damage to the economy, and do everything we can to prevent a larger collapse. And since the problems we face are all working off each other to feed a vicious economic downturn, we've had no choice but to attack all fronts of our economic crisis simultaneously.

The first step was to fight a severe shortage of demand in the economy. So the Federal Reserve did this by dramatically lowering interest rates last year in order to boost investment. My administration and Congress boosted demand by passing the largest recovery plan in our nation's history. It's a plan that's already in the process of saving or creating 3.5 million jobs over the next two years. It's putting money directly into people's pockets with a tax cut for 95 percent of working families that's now showing up in paychecks across America. And to cushion the blow of this recession, we also provided extended unemployment benefits and continued health care coverage to Americans who've lost their jobs through no fault of their own.

Now, you will recall that some argued this recovery plan is a case of irresponsible government spending, that it's somehow to blame for our long-term deficit projections, and that the federal government should be cutting instead of increasing spending right now. So I want to tackle this argument head on.

To begin with, economists on both the left and the right agree that the last thing a government should do in the middle of a recession is to cut back on spending. You see, when this recession began, many families sat around the kitchen table and tried to figure out where they could cut back. And so have many businesses. And this is a completely reasonable and understandable reaction. But if everybody -- if everybody -- if every family in America, if every business in America cuts back all at once, then no one is spending any money, which means there are no customers, which means there are more layoffs, which means the economy gets even worse. That's why the government has to step in and temporarily boost spending in order to stimulate demand. That's exactly what we're doing right now.

Second, I absolutely agree that our long-term deficit is a major problem that we have to fix. But the fact is that this recovery plan represents only a tiny fraction of that long-term deficit. As I'll discuss in a moment, the key to dealing with our long-term deficit and our national debt is to get a handle on out-of-control health care costs -- not to stand idly by as the economy goes into free fall.

So the recovery plan has been the first step in confronting this economic crisis. The second step has been to heal our financial system so that credit is once again flowing to the businesses and families who rely on it.

The heart of this financial crisis is that too many banks and other financial institutions simply stopped lending money. In a climate of fear, banks were unable to replace their losses from some of those bad mortgages by raising new capital on their own, and they were unwilling to lend the money they did have because they were afraid that no one would pay it back. It's for this reason that the last administration used what they called the Troubled Asset Relief Program, or TARP, to provide these banks with temporary financial assistance in order to get them lending again.

Now, I understand that TARP is not popular, and I have to say that I don't agree with some of the ways the TARP program was managed, but I do agree with the broader rationale that we must provide banks with the capital and the confidence necessary to start lending again. That's the purpose of the stress tests that will soon tell us how much additional capital will be needed to support lending at our largest banks. Ideally, these needs will be met by private investors who are willing to put in money to these banks. But where that's not possible, and banks require substantial additional resources from the government, then we will hold accountable those who are responsible, we'll force the necessary adjustments, we'll provide the support to clean up those bank balance sheets, and we will assure the continuity of a strong and viable institution that can serve our people and our economy.

Of course, there are some who differ with our approach. On the one hand, there are some who argue that the government should stand back and simply let these banks fail -- especially since in many cases it was their bad decisions that helped create the crisis in the first place. But whether we like it or not, history has shown repeatedly that when nations do not take early and aggressive action to get credit flowing again, they have crises that last years and years instead of months and months -- years of low growth, years of low job creation, years of low investment, all of which cost these nations far more than a course of bold, upfront action.

And although there are a lot of Americans who understandably think that government money would be better spent going directly to families and businesses instead of to banks -- one of my most frequent questions in the letters that I get from constituents is, "Where's my bailout?" -- and I understand the sentiment. It makes sense intuitively, and morally it makes sense, but the truth is that a dollar of capital in a bank can actually result in $8 or $10 of loans to families and businesses. So that's a multiplier effect that can ultimately lead to a faster pace of economic growth. That's why we have to fix the banks.

Now, on the other hand, there have been some who don't dispute that we need to shore up the banking system, but they suggest that we've been too timid in how we go about it. This is essentially the nationalization argument that some of you may have heard. And the argument says that the federal government should have already preemptively stepped in and taken over major financial institutions the way that the FDIC currently intervenes in smaller banks, and that our failure, my administration's failure to do so is yet another example of Washington coddling Wall Street -- "Why aren't you tougher on the banks?"

So let me be clear: The reason we have not taken this step has nothing to do with any ideological or political judgment we've made about government involvement in banks. It's certainly not because of any concern we have for the management and shareholders whose actions helped to cause this mess. Rather, it's because we believe that preemptive government takeovers are likely to end up costing taxpayers even more in the end, and because it's more likely to undermine than create confidence.

Governments should practice the same principle as doctors: First, do no harm. So rest assured -- we will do whatever is necessary to get credit flowing again, but we will do so in ways that minimize risks to taxpayers and to the broader economy. To that end, in addition to the program to provide capital to the banks, we've launched a plan that will pair government resources with private investment in order to clear away the old loans and securities -- the so-called toxic assets -- that are also preventing our banks from lending money.

Now, what we've also learned during this crisis is that our banks aren't the only institutions affected by these toxic assets that are clogging the financial system. AIG, for example, is not a bank, it's an insurance company, as I mentioned -- and yet because it chose to insure billions of dollars worth of risky assets, essentially creating a hedge fund on top of an insurance company, its failure could threaten the entire financial system and freeze lending even more. And that's why, as frustrating as it is -- and I promise you, nobody is more frustrated than me with AIG -- I promise -- we had to provide support for AIG, because the entire system, as fragile as it is, could be profoundly endangered if AIG went into a liquidation bankruptcy.

It's also why we need new legal authority so that we have the power to intervene in such financial institutions, the same way that bankruptcy courts currently do with businesses that hit hard times but don't pose systemic risks -- and that way we can restructure these businesses in an orderly way that doesn't induce panic in the financial system -- and, by the way, will allow us to restructure inappropriate bonus contracts without creating a perception the government can just change compensation rules on a whim.

This is also why we're moving aggressively to unfreeze markets and jumpstart lending outside the banking system, where more than half of all lending in America actually takes place. To do this, we've started a program that will increase guarantees for small business loans and unlock the market for auto loans and student loans. And to stabilize the housing market, we've launched a plan that will save up to four million responsible homeowners from foreclosure and help many millions more to refinance their homes.

In a few weeks, we will also reassess the state of Chrysler and General Motors, two companies with an important place in our history and a large footprint in our economy -- but two companies that have also fallen on hard times.

Late last year, the companies were given transitional loans by the previous administration to tide them over as they worked to develop viable business plans. Unfortunately, the plans they developed fell short, so we've given them some additional time to work these complex issues through. And by the way, we owed that not to the executives whose bad bets contributed to the weakening of their companies, but to the hundreds of thousands of workers whose livelihoods hang in the balance -- entire towns, entire communities, entire states are profoundly impacted by what happens in the auto industry.

Now, it is our fervent hope that in the coming weeks, Chrysler will find a viable partner and GM will develop a business plan that will put it on a path to profitability without endless support from American taxpayer. In the meantime, we're taking steps to spur demand for American cars and provide relief for autoworkers and their communities. And we will continue to reaffirm this nation's commitment to a 21st-century American auto industry that creates new jobs and builds the fuel-efficient cars and trucks that will carry us toward a clean-energy future.

Finally, to coordinate a global response to this global recession, I went to the meeting of the G20 nations in London the other week. Each nation has undertaken significant stimulus to spur demand. All agreed to pursue tougher regulatory reforms. We also agreed to triple the lending capacity of the International Monetary Fund -- which, as many of you know, is an international financial institution supported by all the major economies -- so that they can provide direct assistance to developing nations and vulnerable populations. That's not just charity; because America's success depends on whether other nations have the ability to buy what we sell, it's important that we pay attention to these emerging markets.

We pledged to avoid the trade barriers and protectionism that hurts us all in the end. And we decided to meet again in the fall to gauge our progress and take additional steps if necessary.

So that's where we've been, that's what we've done in the last three months. All of these actions -- the Recovery Act, the bank capitalization program, the housing plan, the strengthening of the non-bank credit market, the auto plan, and our work at the G20 -- all have been necessary pieces of the recovery puzzle. They've been designed to increase aggregate demand to get credit flowing again to families and businesses and to help families and businesses ride out the storm. And taken together, these actions are starting to generate signs of economic progress.

Because of our recovery plan, schools and police departments have cancelled planned layoffs; clean energy companies and construction companies are re-hiring workers to build everything from energy-efficient windows to new roads and highways. Our housing plan has helped lead to a spike in the number of homeowners who are taking advantage of historically-low mortgage rates by refinancing, which is like putting a $2,000 tax cut in your pocket. Our program to support the market for auto loans and student loans has started to unfreeze this market and securitize more of this lending in the last few weeks. And small businesses are seeing a jump in loan activity for the first time in months.

Now, this is all welcome and encouraging news. It does not mean the hard times are over; 2009 will continue to be a difficult year for America's economy, and obviously, most difficult for those who've lost their jobs. The severity of this recession will cause more job loss, more foreclosures, and more pain before it ends. The market will continue to rise and fall. Credit is still not flowing nearly as easily as it should. The process for restructuring AIG and the auto companies will involve difficult and sometimes unpopular choices; we are not finished yet on that front. And all of this means that there's much more work to be done. But all of this also means that you can continue to expect an unrelenting, unyielding, day-by-day effort from this administration to fight for economic recovery on all fronts.

But even as we continue to clear away the wreckage and address the immediate crisis, it is my firm belief that our next task, beginning now, is to make sure such a crisis never happens again. Even as we clean up balance sheets and get credit flowing again, even as people start spending and businesses start hiring -- all that's going to happen -- we have to realize that we cannot go back to the bubble-and-bust economy that led us to this point.

It is simply not sustainable to have a 21st-century financial system that is governed by 20th-century rules and regulations that allowed the recklessness of a few to threaten the entire economy. It is not sustainable to have an economy where in one year, 40 percent of our corporate profits came from a financial sector that was based on inflated home prices, maxed-out credit cards, over-leveraged banks and overvalued assets. It's not sustainable to have an economy where the incomes of the top 1 percent has skyrocketed while the typical working household has seen their incomes decline by nearly $2,000. That's just not a sustainable model for long-term prosperity.

For even as too many were out there chasing ever-bigger bonuses and short-term profits over the last decade, we continued to neglect the long-term threats to our prosperity: the crushing burden that the rising cost of health care is placing on families and businesses; the failure of our education system to prepare our workers for a new age; the progress that other nations are making on clean energy industries and technologies while we -- we remain addicted to foreign oil; the growing debt that we're passing on to our children. Even after we emerge from the current recession, these challenges will still represent major obstacles that stand in the way of our success in the 21st century. So we've got a lot of work to do.

Now, there's a parable at the end of the Sermon on the Mount that tells the story of two men. The first built his house on a pile of sand, and it was soon destroyed when a storm hit. But the second is known as the wise man, for when "the rain descended, and the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat upon that house, it fell not: for it was founded upon a rock."

It was founded upon a rock. We cannot rebuild this economy on the same pile of sand. We must build our house upon a rock. We must lay a new foundation for growth and prosperity -- a foundation that will move us from an era of borrow and spend to one where we save and invest; where we consume less at home and send more exports abroad.

It's a foundation built upon five pillars that will grow our economy and make this new century another American century: Number one, new rules for Wall Street that will reward drive and innovation, not reckless risk-taking; number two, new investments in education that will make our workforce more skilled and competitive; number three, new investments in renewable energy and technology that will create new jobs and new industries; number four, new investments in health care that will cut costs for families and businesses; and number five, new savings in our federal budget that will bring down the debt for future generations.

That's the new foundation we must build. That's our house built upon a rock. That must be our future -- and my administration's policies are designed to achieve that future.

Let me talk about each of these steps in turn. The first step we will take to build this foundation is to reform the outdated rules and regulations that allowed this crisis to happen in the first place. It is time to lay down tough new rules of the road for Wall Street to ensure that we never find ourselves here again. Just as after the Great Depression new rules were designed for banks to avoid the kind of reckless speculation that helped to create the depression, so we've got to make adaptations to our current set of rules: create rules that punish shortcuts and abuse; rules that tie someone's pay to their actual job performance --- a novel concept; rules that protect typical American families when they buy a home, get a credit card or invest in a 401(k). So we've already begun to work with Congress to shape this comprehensive new regulatory framework -- and I expect a bill to arrive on my desk for my signature before the year is out.

The second pillar of this new foundation is an education system that finally prepares our workers for a 21st century economy. You know, in the 20th century, the G.I. Bill helped send a generation to college. For decades we led the world in educational attainment, and as a consequence we led the world in economic growth. But in this new economy, we've come to trail the world's leaders in graduation rates, in educational achievement, in the production of scientists and engineers. That's why we have set a goal that will greatly enhance our ability to compete for the high-wage, high-tech jobs of the 21st century: By 2020, America will once again have the highest proportion of college graduates in the world. That is the goal that we have set and we intend to do.

To meet that goal, we have to start early. So we've already dramatically expanded early childhood education. We are investing in innovative programs that have proven to help schools meet high standards and close achievement gaps. We're creating new rewards that tie teachers' performance and new pathways for advancement. And I've asked every American to commit to at least one year or more of higher education or career training, and we have provided tax credits to make a college education more affordable for every American, even those who attend Georgetown.

And, by the way, one of the changes that I would like to see -- and I'm going to be talking about this in weeks to come -- is once again seeing our best and our brightest commit themselves to making things -- engineers, scientists, innovators. For so long, we have placed at the top of our pinnacle folks who can manipulate numbers and engage in complex financial calculations. And that's good, we need some of that. But you know what we can really use is some more scientists and some more engineers, who are building and making things that we can export to other countries.

Now, the third pillar of this new foundation is to harness the renewable energy that can create millions of new jobs and new industries. We all know that the country that harnesses this new energy source will lead the 21st century. Yet we've allowed other countries to outpace us on this race to the future. I don't know about you, but I do not accept a future where the jobs and industries of tomorrow take root beyond our borders. I think it's time for America to lead again.

So the investments we made in the Recovery Act will double this nation's supply of renewable energy in the next three years. And we are putting Americans to work making our homes and buildings more efficient so that we can save billions on our energy bills and grow our economy at the same time.

Now, the only though that we can truly spark the transformation that's need is through a gradual, market-based cap on carbon pollution, so that clean energy is the profitable kind of energy.

There are those who've argued that we shouldn't attempt, we shouldn't even be thinking, we shouldn't even be talking about such a transition until the economy recovers. And they are right that we have to take into account the costs of transition. Transitioning to a clean energy economy will not be easy. But we can no longer delay putting a framework for a clean energy economy in place. That needs to be done now.

If businesses and entrepreneurs know today that we are closing this carbon pollution loophole, they'll start investing in clean energy now. And pretty soon, we'll see more companies constructing solar panels, and workers building wind turbines, and car companies manufacturing fuel-efficient cars. Investors will put some money into a new energy technology, and a small business will open to start selling it. That's how we can grow this economy, enhance our security, and protect our planet at the same time.

Now, the fourth pillar of our new foundation is a 21st century health care system where families, businesses and government budgets aren't dragged down by skyrocketing insurance premiums. One and a half million Americans could lose their homes this year just because of a medical crisis. Major American corporations are struggling to compete with their foreign counterparts. Small businesses are closing their doors. We can't allow the cost of health care to continue strangling our economy.

And that's why our Recovery Act will invest in electronic health records with strict privacy standards that can save money and lives and reduce medical error. That's why we've made the largest investment ever in preventive care, because that's one of the best ways to keep costs under control. And included in the budgets that just passed Congress is an historic commitment to reform that will finally make quality health care affordable for every American. So I'm looking forward in the next few months to working with both parties in Congress to make this reform a reality. We can get this done -- and we have to get it done.

Now, fixing our health care system will -- will require resources; it's not going to be free. But in my budget we've made a commitment to fully pay for reform without increasing the deficit, and we've identified specific savings that will make the health care system more efficient and reduce costs for us all.

In fact, we've undertaken an unprecedented effort to find this kind of savings in every corner of the budget, because the final pillar in building our new foundation is restoring fiscal discipline once this economy recovers.

Already we've identified $2 trillion dollars in deficit reductions over the next decade. We need to do more, but we've already done that. We've announced procurement reform that will greatly reduce no-bid contracts and save the government $40 billion. We need to do more, but that's an important start. Secretary Gates recently announced a courageous set of reforms that go right at the hundreds of billions of dollars in waste and cost overruns that have bloated our defense budget without making America safer. We need to do more, but that proposal by Secretary Gates is right on target. We will end education programs that don't work, we will root out waste and fraud and abuse in our Medicare program.

Altogether, this budget will reduce discretionary spending for domestic programs as a share of the economy by more than 10 percent over the next decade to the lowest level we've seen since we began keeping records nearly half a century ago. And as we continue to go through the federal budget line by line, we will be announcing additional savings, secured by eliminating and consolidating programs that we don't need so we can make room for the things that we do need.

That's what we're doing now. Of course, I realize that for some, this isn't enough. I know there's a criticism out there that my administration has been spending with reckless abandon, pushing a liberal social agenda while mortgaging our children's future. You've heard the argument.

Well, let me make three points. First, as I said earlier, the worst thing that we could do in a recession this severe is to try to cut government spending at the same time as families and businesses around the world are cutting back on their spending. So as serious as our deficit and debt problems are -- and they are very serious -- major efforts to deal with them have to focus on the medium and long-term budget picture, not on the short-term. And that's exactly what we've done.

Second, in tackling the deficit issue, we simply cannot sacrifice the long-term investments that we so desperately need to generate long-term prosperity. That's the argument that some critics have made: Well, you're proposing health care reform, you shouldn't be doing that; you're proposing education investments, you shouldn't be doing that, that adds to the deficit.

Look, just as a cash-strapped family may cut back on all kinds of luxuries, but will still insist on spending money to get their children through college, will refuse to have their kids drop out of college and go to work in some fast-food place, even though that might bring in some income in the short-term, because they're thinking about the long term -- so we as a country have to make current choices with an eye for the future.

If we don't invest now in renewable energy, if we don't invest now in a skilled workforce, if we don't invest now in a more affordable health care system, this economy simply won't grow at the pace it needs to in two or five or 10 years down the road. If we don't lay this new foundation now, it won't be long before we're right back where we are today. And I can assure you that chronically slow growth will not help our long-term budget situation. That's the second point.

Third point, the problem with our deficit and debt is not new. It has been building dramatically over the past eight years, largely because big tax cuts combined with increased spending on two wars and the increased costs of government health care programs have pushed it ever upwards. This structural gap in our budget, between the amount of money that's coming in and the amount of money that's going out, will only get worse as the baby boomers age, and will in fact lead us down an unsustainable path.

But let's not kid ourselves and suggest that we can solve this problem by trimming a few earmarks or cutting the budget for the National Endowment for the Arts. That's just not true. Along with defense and interest on the national debt, the biggest cost drivers in our budget are entitlement programs like Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security -- all of which get more and more expensive every year. So if we want to get serious about fiscal discipline, and I do, then we're going to not only have to trim waste out of our discretionary budget -- which we've already begun -- we will also have to get serious about entitlement reform.

Now, nothing will be more important to this goal than passing health care reform that brings down costs across the system, including in Medicare and Medicaid. So make no mistake, health care reform is entitlement reform. That's not just my opinion -- that was the conclusion of a wide range of participants at the Fiscal Responsibility Summit that we held at the White House in February. And that's one of the reasons why I firmly believe we need to get health care reform done this year.

Once we tackle rising health care costs, we must also work to put Social Security on firmer footing. It's time for both parties to come together and find a way to keep the promise of a sound retirement for future generations. And we should restore a sense of fairness and balance to our tax code including by shutting down corporate loopholes and ensuring that everyone pays what they owe.

All of these efforts will require tough choices. All these efforts will require compromise. But the difficulties can't serve as an excuse for inaction -- not anymore -- which brings me to one final point I'd like to make today. I've talked a lot about the fundamental weakness in our economy that led us to this day of reckoning. But we also arrived here because of a fundamental weakness in our political system.

For too long, too many in Washington put off hard decisions for some other time on some other day. There's been a tendency to spend a lot of time scoring political points instead of rolling up sleeves to solve real problems.

There's also an impatience that characterizes this town -- an attention span that has only grown shorter with the 24-hour news cycle that insists on instant gratification in the form of immediate results or higher poll numbers. When a crisis hits, there's all too often a lurch from shock to trance, with everyone responding to the tempest of the moment until the furor has died down, the media coverage has moved on to something else, instead of confronting the major challenges that will shape our future in a sustained and focused way.

This can't be one of those times. The challenges are too great. The stakes are too high. I know how difficult it is for members of Congress in both parties to grapple with some of the big decisions we face right now. I'd love if these problems were coming at us one at a time instead of five or six at a time. It's more than most Congresses and most Presidents have to deal with in a lifetime.

But we have been called to govern in extraordinary times. And that requires an extraordinary sense of responsibility -- to ourselves, to the men and women who sent us here, to the many generations whose lives will be affected for good or for ill because of what we do here.

There is no doubt that times are still tough. By no means are we out of the woods just yet. But from where we stand, for the very first time, we're beginning to see glimmers of hope. And beyond that, way off in the distance, we can see a vision of an America's future that is far different than our troubled economic past. It's an America teeming with new industry and commerce, humming with new energy and discoveries that light the world once more -- a place where anyone from anywhere with a good idea or the will to work can live the dream they've heard so much about.

That is the house upon the rock -- proud, sturdy, unwavering in the face of the greatest storms. And we will not finish it in one year. We will not finish it in many. But if we use this moment to lay that new foundation, if we come together and begin the hard work of rebuilding, if we persist and persevere against the disappointments and setbacks that will surely lie ahead, then I have no doubt that this house will stand and the dream of our founders will live on in our time.

Thank you. God bless you. God bless the United States of America.

Thank you very much. To Sara Bloomfield, for the wonderful introduction and the outstanding work she's doing; to Fred Zeidman; Joel Geiderman; Mr. Wiesel -- thank you for your wisdom and your witness; Speaker Nancy Pelosi; Senator Dick Durbin; members of Congress; our good friend the Ambassador of Israel; members of the United States Holocaust Memorial Council; and most importantly, the survivors and rescuers and their families who are here today. It is a great honor for me to be here, and I'm grateful that I have the opportunity to address you briefly.

We gather today to mourn the loss of so many lives, and celebrate those who saved them; honor those who survived, and contemplate the obligations of the living.

It is the grimmest of ironies that one of the most savage, barbaric acts of evil in history began in one of the most modernized societies of its time, where so many markers of human progress became tools of human depravity: science that can heal used to kill; education that can enlighten used to rationalize away basic moral impulses; the bureaucracy that sustains modern life used as the machinery of mass death -- a ruthless, chillingly efficient system where many were responsible for the killing, but few got actual blood on their hands.

While the uniqueness of the Holocaust in scope and in method is truly astounding, the Holocaust was driven by many of the same forces that have fueled atrocities throughout history: the scapegoating that leads to hatred and blinds us to our common humanity; the justifications that replace conscience and allow cruelty to spread; the willingness of those who are neither perpetrators nor victims to accept the assigned role of bystander, believing the lie that good people are ever powerless or alone, the fiction that we do not have a choice.

But while we are here today to bear witness to the human capacity to destroy, we are also here to pay tribute to the human impulse to save. In the moral accounting of the Holocaust, as we reckon with numbers like 6 million, as we recall the horror of numbers etched into arms, we also factor in numbers like these: 7,200 -- the number of Danish Jews ferried to safety, many of whom later returned home to find the neighbors who rescued them had also faithfully tended their homes and businesses and belongings while they were gone.

We remember the number five -- the five righteous men and women who join us today from Poland. We are awed by your acts of courage and conscience. And your presence today compels each of us to ask ourselves whether we would have done what you did. We can only hope that the answer is yes.

We also remember the number 5,000 -- the number of Jews rescued by the villagers of Le Chambon, France -- one life saved for each of its 5,000 residents. Not a single Jew who came there was turned away, or turned in. But it was not until decades later that the villagers spoke of what they had done -- and even then, only reluctantly. The author of a book on the rescue found that those he interviewed were baffled by his interest. "How could you call us 'good'?" they said. "We were doing what had to be done."

That is the question of the righteous -- those who would do extraordinary good at extraordinary risk not for affirmation or acclaim or to advance their own interests, but because it is what must be done. They remind us that no one is born a savior or a murderer -- these are choices we each have the power to make. They teach us that no one can make us into bystanders without our consent, and that we are never truly alone -- that if we have the courage to heed that "still, small voice" within us, we can form a minyan for righteousness that can span a village, even a nation.

Their legacy is our inheritance. And the question is, how do we honor and preserve it? How do we ensure that "never again" isn't an empty slogan, or merely an aspiration, but also a call to action?

I believe we start by doing what we are doing today -- by bearing witness, by fighting the silence that is evil's greatest co-conspirator.

In the face of horrors that defy comprehension, the impulse to silence is understandable. My own great uncle returned from his service in World War II in a state of shock, saying little, alone with painful memories that would not leave his head. He went up into the attic, according to the stories that I've heard, and wouldn't come down for six months. He was one of the liberators -- someone who at a very tender age had seen the unimaginable. And so some of the liberators who are here today honor us with their presence -- all of whom we honor for their extraordinary service. My great uncle was part of the 89th Infantry Division -- the first Americans to reach a Nazi concentration camp. And they liberated Ohrdruf, part of Buchenwald, where tens of thousands had perished.

The story goes that when the Americans marched in, they discovered the starving survivors and the piles of dead bodies. And General Eisenhower made a decision. He ordered Germans from the nearby town to tour the camp, so they could see what had been done in their name. And he ordered American troops to tour the camp, so they could see the evil they were fighting against. Then he invited congressmen and journalists to bear witness. And he ordered that photographs and films be made. Some of us have seen those same images, whether in the Holocaust Museum or when I visited Yad Vashem, and they never leave you. Eisenhower said that he wanted "to be in a position to give firsthand evidence of these things, if ever, in the future, there develops a tendency to charge these allegations merely to propaganda."

Eisenhower understood the danger of silence. He understood that if no one knew what had happened, that would be yet another atrocity -- and it would be the perpetrators' ultimate triumph.

What Eisenhower did to record these crimes for history is what we are doing here today. That's what Elie Wiesel and the survivors we honor here do by fighting to make their memories part of our collective memory. That's what the Holocaust Museum does every day on our National Mall, the place where we display for the world our triumphs and failures and the lessons we've learned from our history. It's the very opposite of silence.

But we must also remember that bearing witness is not the end of our obligation -- it's just the beginning. We know that evil has yet to run its course on Earth. We've seen it in this century in the mass graves and the ashes of villages burned to the ground, and children used as soldiers and rape used as a weapon of war. To this day, there are those who insist the Holocaust never happened; who perpetrate every form of intolerance -- racism and anti-Semitism, homophobia, xenophobia, sexism, and more -- hatred that degrades its victim and diminishes us all.

Today, and every day, we have an opportunity, as well as an obligation, to confront these scourges -- to fight the impulse to turn the channel when we see images that disturb us, or wrap ourselves in the false comfort that others' sufferings are not our own. Instead we have the opportunity to make a habit of empathy; to recognize ourselves in each other; to commit ourselves to resisting injustice and intolerance and indifference in whatever forms they may take -- whether confronting those who tell lies about history, or doing everything we can to prevent and end atrocities like those that took place in Rwanda, those taking place in Darfur. That is my commitment as President. I hope that is yours, as well.

It will not be easy. At times, fulfilling these obligations require self-reflection. But in the final analysis, I believe history gives us cause for hope rather than despair -- the hope of a chosen people who have overcome oppression since the days of Exodus; of the nation of Israel rising from the destruction of the Holocaust; of the strong and enduring bonds between our nations.

It is the hope, too, of those who not only survived, but chose to live, teaching us the meaning of courage and resilience and dignity. I'm thinking today of a study conducted after the war that found that Holocaust survivors living in America actually had a higher birthrate than American Jews. What a stunning act of faith -- to bring a child in a world that has shown you so much cruelty; to believe that no matter what you have endured, or how much you have lost, in the end, you have a duty to life.

We find cause for hope as well in Protestant and Catholic children attending school together in Northern Ireland; in Hutus and Tutsis living side by side, forgiving neighbors who have done the unforgivable; in a movement to save Darfur that has thousands of high school and college chapters in 25 countries, and brought 70,000 people to the Washington Mall -- people of every age and faith and background and race united in common cause with suffering brothers and sisters halfway around the world.

Those numbers can be our future -- our fellow citizens of the world showing us how to make the journey from oppression to survival, from witness to resistance, and ultimately to reconciliation. That is what we mean when we say "never again."

So today, during this season when we celebrate liberation, resurrection, and the possibility of redemption, may each of us renew our resolve to do what must be done. And may we strive each day, both individually and as a nation, to be among the righteous.

Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.

Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Good evening. You know, I had an entire speech prepared for this wonderful occasion, but now that I'm here I think I'm going to try something a little different. Tonight I want to speak from the heart. I'm going to speak off the cuff.

[Teleprompters rise.]

Good evening. Pause for laughter. Wait a minute, this may not be working as well as I -- Let me try that again. 

Good evening, everybody. I would like to welcome you all to the 10-day anniversary of my first 100 days. I am Barack Obama. Most of you covered me. All of you voted for me. Apologies to the Fox table. They're -- Where are they? I have to confess I really did not want to be here tonight, but I knew I had to come -- just one more problem that I've inherited from George W. Bush.

But now that I'm here, it's great to be here. It's great to see all of you. Michelle Obama is here, the First Lady of the United States. Hasn't she been an outstanding First Lady? She's even begun to bridge the differences that have divided us for so long, because no matter which party you belong to we can all agree that Michelle has the right to bare arms.

Now Sasha and Malia aren't here tonight because they're grounded. You can't just take Air Force One on a joy ride to Manhattan. I don't care whose kids you are. We've been setting some ground rules here. They're starting to get a little carried away. 

Now, speaking -- when I think about children obviously I think about Michelle and it reminds me that tomorrow is Mother's Day. Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers in the audience. I do have to say, though, that this is a tough holiday for Rahm Emanuel because he's not used to saying the word "day" after "mother." That's true.

David Axelrod is here. You know, David and I have been together for a long time. I can still remember -- I got to sort of -- I tear up a little bit when I think back to that day that I called Ax so many years ago and said, you and I can do wonderful things together. And he said to me the same thing that partners all across America are saying to one another right now: Let's go to Iowa and make it official.

Michael Steele is in the house tonight. Or as he would say, "in the heezy." What's up? Where is Michael? Michael, for the last time, the Republican Party does not qualify for a bailout. Rush Limbaugh does not count as a troubled asset, I'm sorry.

Dick Cheney was supposed to be here but he is very busy working on his memoirs, tentatively titled, "How to Shoot Friends and Interrogate People."

You know, it's been a whirlwind of activity these first hundred days. We've enacted a major economic recovery package, we passed a budget, we forged a new path in Iraq, and no President in history has ever named three Commerce Secretaries this quickly. Which reminds me, if Judd Gregg is here, your business cards are ready now.

On top of that, I've also reversed the ban on stem cell research, signed an expansion -- signed an expansion of the children's health insurance. Just last week, Car and Driver named me auto executive of the year. Something I'm very proud of.

We've also begun to change the culture in Washington. We've even made the White House a place where people can learn and can grow. Just recently, Larry Summers asked if he could chair the White House Council on Women and Girls. And I do appreciate that Larry is here tonight because it is seven hours past his bedtime. Gibbs liked that one. 

In the last hundred days, we've also grown the Democratic Party by infusing it with new energy and bringing in fresh, young faces like Arlen Specter. Now, Joe Biden rightly deserves a lot of credit for convincing Arlen to make the switch, but Secretary Clinton actually had a lot to do with it too. One day she just pulled him aside and she said, Arlen, you know what I always say -- "if you can't beat them, join them." 

Which brings me to another thing that's changed in this new, warmer, fuzzier White House, and that's my relationship with Hillary. You know, we had been rivals during the campaign, but these days we could not be closer. In fact, the second she got back from Mexico she pulled into a hug and gave me a big kiss. Told me I'd better get down there myself. Which I really appreciated. I mean, it was -- it was nice.

And of course we've also begun to change America's image in the world. We talked about this during this campaign and we're starting to execute. We've renewed alliances with important partners and friends. If you look on the screen there, there I am with Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso. There I am with Gordon Brown. 

But as I said during the campaign, we can't just talk to our friends. As hard as it is, we also have to talk to our enemies, and I've begun to do exactly that. Take a look at the monitor there. Now, let me be clear, just because he handed me a copy of Peter Pan does not mean that I'm going to read it -- but it's good diplomatic practice to just accept these gifts.

All this change hasn't been easy. Change never is. So I've cut the tension by bringing a new friend to the White House. He's warm, he's cuddly, loyal, enthusiastic. You just have to keep him on a tight leash. Every once in a while he goes charging off in the wrong direction and gets himself into trouble. But enough about Joe Biden.

All in all, we're proud of the change we've brought to Washington in these first hundred days but we've got a lot of work left to do, as all of you know. So I'd like to talk a little bit about what my administration plans to achieve in the next hundred days.

During the second hundred days, we will design, build and open a library dedicated to my first hundred days. It's going to be big, folks. In the next hundred days, I will learn to go off the prompter and Joe Biden will learn to stay on the prompter.

In the next hundred days, our bipartisan outreach will be so successful that even John Boehner will consider becoming a Democrat. After all, we have a lot in common. He is a person of color. Although not a color that appears in the natural world. What's up, John?

In the next hundred days, I will meet with a leader who rules over millions with an iron fist, who owns the airwaves and uses his power to crush all who would challenge his authority at the ballot box. It's good to see you, Mayor Bloomberg.

In the next hundred days, we will housetrain our dog, Bo, because the last thing Tim Geithner needs is someone else treating him like a fire hydrant. In the next hundred days, I will strongly consider losing my cool.

Finally, I believe that my next hundred days will be so successful I will be able to complete them in 72 days. And on the 73rd day, I will rest. 

I just -- I want to end by saying a few words about the men and women in this room whose job it is to inform the public and pursue the truth. You know, we meet tonight at a moment of extraordinary challenge for this nation and for the world, but it's also a time of real hardship for the field of journalism. And like so many other businesses in this global age, you've seen sweeping changes and technology and communications that lead to a sense of uncertainty and anxiety about what the future will hold.

Across the country, there are extraordinary, hardworking journalists who have lost their jobs in recent days, recent weeks, recent months. And I know that each newspaper and media outlet is wrestling with how to respond to these changes, and some are struggling simply to stay open. And it won't be easy. Not every ending will be a happy one. 

But it's also true that your ultimate success as an industry is essential to the success of our democracy. It's what makes this thing work. You know, Thomas Jefferson once said that if he had the choice between a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, he would not hesitate to choose the latter. 

Clearly, Thomas Jefferson never had cable news to contend with -- but his central point remains: A government without newspapers, a government without a tough and vibrant media of all sorts, is not an option for the United States of America.

So I may not -- I may not agree with everything you write or report. I may even complain, or more likely Gibbs will complain, from time to time about how you do your jobs, but I do so with the knowledge that when you are at your best, then you help me be at my best. You help all of us who serve at the pleasure of the American people do our jobs better by holding us accountable, by demanding honesty, by preventing us from taking shortcuts and falling into easy political games that people are so desperately weary of. 

And that kind of reporting is worth preserving -- not just for your sake, but for the public's. We count on you to help us make sense of a complex world and tell the stories of our lives the way they happen, and we look for you for truth, even if it's always an approximation, even if -- 

This is a season of renewal and reinvention. That is what government must learn to do, that's what businesses must learn to do, and that's what journalism is in the process of doing. And when I look out at this room and think about the dedicated men and women whose questions I've answered over the last few years, I know that for all the challenges this industry faces, it's not short on talent or creativity or passion or commitment. It's not short of young people who are eager to break news or the not-so-young who still manage to ask the tough ones time and time again. These qualities alone will not solve all your problems, but they certainly prove that the problems are worth solving. And that is a good place as any to begin.

So I offer you my thanks, I offer you my support, and I look forward to working with you and answering to you and the American people as we seek a more perfect union in the months and years ahead.

Thank you very much, everybody.

Thank you.

President Obama: Thank you very much. Thank you, Notre Dame. Thank you. Thank you. Please, have a seat. Thank you...

Well first of all, congratulations, Class of 2009. Congratulations to all the parents, the cousins, the aunts, the uncles -- the -- all the people who helped to bring you to the point that you are here today. Thank you so much to Father Jenkins for that extraordinary introduction, even though you said what I want to say much more elegantly. You are doing an extraordinary job as president of this extraordinary institution, and your continued and courageous and contagious commitment to honest, thoughtful dialogue is an inspiration to us all.

So, good afternoon, to Father Hesburgh, to Notre Dame trustees, to faculty, to family. I am honored to be here today. And...I am grateful to all of you for allowing me to be a part of your graduation. And I also want to thank you for the honorary degree that I received. I know it has not been without controversy. I don't know if you're aware of this, but these honorary degrees are apparently pretty hard to come by. So far I'm only 1 for 2 as President. Father...Hesburgh is 150 for 150. I guess that's better. So, Father Ted after the ceremony maybe you can give me some pointers to boost my average. 

I also want to congratulate the Class of 2009 for all your accomplishments. And since --

[Audience member interrupts with pro-life slogans]

President Obama: And since -- this is Notre Dame, I mean -- That's...all right. And since -- 

[Audience chants "We are ND! We are ND!"]

President Obama: We're fine, everybody. We're -- We're following Brennan's adage that we don't do things easily. We want to -- We're -- We're not going to shy away from things that are uncomfortable sometimes.

Now, since -- since this is Notre Dame I think we should talk not only about your accomplishments in the classroom, but also in the competitive arena. No, don't worry, I'm not going to talk about that. We all know about this university's proud and storied football team, but I also hear that Notre Dame holds the largest outdoor 5-on-5 basketball tournament in the world -- "Bookstore Basketball."

Now this excites me. I want to congratulate the winners of this year's tournament, a team by the name of "Hallelujah Holla Back." Congratulations. Well done. Though I have to say, I'm personally disappointed that the "Barack O'Ballers" did not pull it out this year. So next year, if you need a 6'2" forward with a decent jumper, you know where I live.

Now, every one of you should be proud of what you've achieved at this institution. One hundred and sixty-three classes of Notre Dame graduates have sat where you sit today. Some were here during years that simply rolled into the next without much notice or fanfare -- periods of relative peace and prosperity that required little by way of sacrifice or struggle. 

You, however, are not getting off that easy. You have a different deal. Your class has come of age at a moment of great consequence for our nation and for the world -- a rare inflection point in history where the size and scope of the challenges before us require that we remake our world to renew its promise, that we align our deepest values and commitments to the demands of a new age. It's a privilege and a responsibility afforded to few generations -- and a task that you're now called to fulfill. 

This generation, your generation is the one that must find a path back to prosperity and decide how we respond to a global economy that left millions behind even before the most recent crisis hit -- an economy where greed and short-term thinking were too often rewarded at the expense of fairness, and diligence, and an honest day's work.

Your generation -- Your generation must decide how to save God's creation from a changing climate that threatens to destroy it. Your generation must seek peace at a time when there are those who will stop at nothing to do us harm, and when weapons in the hands of a few can destroy the many. And we must find a way to reconcile our ever-shrinking world with its ever-growing diversity -- diversity of thought, diversity of culture, and diversity of belief.

In short, we must find a way to live together as one human family. And -- And it's this last challenge that I'd like to talk about today, despite the fact that Father John stole all my best lines. For the major threats we face in the 21st century -- whether it's global recession or violent extremism, the spread of nuclear weapons or pandemic disease -- these things do not discriminate. They do not recognize borders. They do not see color. They do not target specific ethnic groups. Moreover, no one person, or religion, or nation can meet these challenges alone. Our very survival has never required greater cooperation and greater understanding among all people from all places than at this moment in history.

Unfortunately, finding that common ground -- recognizing that our fates are tied up, as Dr. King said, in a "single garment of destiny" -- is not easy. And part of the problem, of course, lies in the imperfections of man -- our selfishness, our pride, our stubbornness, our acquisitiveness, our insecurities, our egos -- all the cruelties large and small that those of us in the Christian tradition understand to be rooted in original sin. We too often seek advantage over others. We cling to outworn prejudice and fear those who are unfamiliar. Too many of us view life only through the lens of immediate self-interest and crass materialism -- in which the world is necessarily a zero-sum game. The strong too often dominate the weak, and too many of those with wealth and with power find all manner of justification for their own privilege in the face of poverty and injustice.

And so for all our technology and scientific advances, we see here in this country and around the globe violence and want and strife that would seem sadly familiar to those in ancient times. We know these things. And hopefully one of the benefits of the wonderful education that you have received here at Notre Dame is that you've had time to consider these wrongs in the world, perhaps recognized impulses in yourself that you want to leave behind. You've grown determined -- each in your own way -- to right them. And yet one of the vexing things for those of us interested in promoting greater understanding and cooperation among people is the discovery that even bringing together persons of good will, bringing together men and women of principle and purpose -- even accomplishing that can be difficult.

The soldier and the lawyer may both love this country with equal passion, and yet reach very different conclusions on the specific steps needed to protect us from harm. The gay activist and the evangelical pastor may both deplore the ravages of HIV/AIDS, but find themselves unable to bridge the cultural divide that might unite their efforts. Those who speak out against stem cell research may be rooted in an admirable conviction about the sacredness of life, but so are the parents of a child with juvenile diabetes who are convinced that their son's or daughter's hardships might be relieved.

The -- The question, then -- The question, then, is how do we work through these conflicts? Is it possible for us to join hands in common effort? As citizens of a vibrant and varied democracy, how do we engage in vigorous debate? How does each of us remain firm in our principles, and fight for what we consider right, without, as Father John said, demonizing those with just as strongly held convictions on the other side? And of course, nowhere do these questions come up more powerfully than on the issue of abortion.

As I considered the controversy surrounding my visit here, I was reminded of an encounter I had during my Senate campaign, one that I describe in a book I wrote called The Audacity of Hope. In a few days after I won the Democratic nomination, I received an e-mail from a doctor who told me that while he voted for me in the Illinois primary, he had a serious concern that might prevent him from voting for me in the general election. He described himself as a Christian who was strongly pro-life -- but that was not what was preventing him potentially from voting for me. 

What bothered the doctor was an entry that my campaign staff had posted on my website -- an entry that said I would fight, quote, "right-wing ideologues who want to take away a woman's right to choose," unquote. The doctor said he had assumed I was a reasonable person. He supported my policy initiatives to help the poor and to lift up our educational system, but that if I truly believed that every pro-life individual was simply an ideologue who wanted to inflict suffering on women, then I was not very reasonable. He wrote, "I do not ask at this point that you oppose abortion, only that you speak about this issue in fair-minded words."

Fair-minded words.

After I read the doctor's letter, I wrote back to him and I thanked him. And I didn't change my underlying position, but I did tell my staff to change the words on my website. And I said a prayer that night that I might extend the same presumption of good faith to others that the doctor had extended to me; because when we do that -- when we open up our hearts and our minds to those who may not think precisely like we do or believe precisely what we believe -- that's when we discover at least the possibility of common ground. That's when we begin to say, "Maybe we won't agree on abortion, but we can still agree that this heart-wrenching decision for any woman is not made casually, and it has both moral and spiritual dimensions. 

So let us work together to reduce the number of women seeking abortions. Let's reduce unintended pregnancies. Let's make adoption more available. Let's -- Let's provide care and support for women who do carry their children to term. Let's honor the conscience of those who disagree with abortion, and draft a sensible conscience clause, and make sure that all of our health care policies are grounded not only in sound science, but also in clear ethics, as well as respect for the equality of women. Those are things we can do.

Now, understand -- understand, Class of 2009, I do not suggest that the debate surrounding abortion can or should go away, because no matter how much we may want to fudge it -- indeed, while we know that the views of most Americans on the subject are complex and even contradictory -- the fact is that at some level, the views of the two camps are irreconcilable. Each side will continue to make its case to the public with passion and conviction. But surely we can do so without reducing those with differing views to caricature.

Open hearts. Open minds. Fair-minded words. It's a way of life that has always been the Notre Dame tradition. You know, Father -- Father Hesburgh has long spoken of this institution as both a -- a lighthouse and a crossroads, a lighthouse that stands apart, shining with the wisdom of the Catholic tradition, while the crossroads is where "differences of culture and religion and conviction can co-exist with friendship, civility, hospitality, and especially love." And I want to join him and Father John in saying how inspired I am by the maturity and responsibility with which this class has approached the debate surrounding today's ceremony. You are an example of what Notre Dame is about.

Now, this tradition of cooperation and understanding is one that I learned in my own life many years ago -- also with the help of the Catholic Church. You see, I was not raised in a particularly religious household, but my mother instilled in me a sense of service and empathy that eventually led me to become a community organizer after I graduated college. And a group of Catholic churches in Chicago helped fund an organization known as the "Developing Communities Project," and we worked to lift up South Side neighborhoods that had been devastated when the local steel plant closed. 

And it was quite an eclectic crew -- Catholic and Protestant churches, Jewish and African American organizers, working-class black, white, and Hispanic residents -- all of us with different experiences, all of us with different beliefs; but all of us learned to work side by side because all of us saw in these neighborhoods other human beings who needed our help to find jobs and improve schools. We were bound together in the service of others.

And something else happened during the time I spent in these neighborhoods, perhaps because the church folks I worked with were so welcoming and understanding; perhaps because they invited me to their services and sang with me from their hymnals; perhaps because I was really broke and they fed me; perhaps because I witnessed all of the good works their faith inspired them to perform, I found myself drawn not just to the work with the church; I was drawn to be in the church. It was through this service that I was brought to Christ. 

And at the time, Cardinal Joseph Bernardin was the Archbishop of Chicago. And for those of you -- for those of you too young to have known him or known of him, he was a kind and good and wise man; a saintly man. I can still remember him speaking at one of the first organizing meetings I attended on the South Side. He stood as both a lighthouse and a crossroads -- unafraid to speak his mind on moral issues ranging from poverty and AIDS and abortion to the death penalty and nuclear war. And yet, he was congenial and gentle in his persuasion, always trying to bring people together, always trying to find common ground. And just before he died, a reporter asked Cardinal Bernardin about this approach to his ministry. And he said, "You can't really get on with preaching the Gospel until you've touched hearts and minds." 

My heart and mind were touched by him. They were touched by the words and deeds of the men and women I worked alongside in parishes across Chicago. And I'd like to think that we touched the hearts and minds of the neighborhood families whose lives we helped change. For this, I believe, is our highest calling. 

Now, you, Class of 2009, are about to enter the next phase of your life at a time of great uncertainty. You'll be called to help restore a free market that's also fair to all who are willing to work. You'll be called to seek new sources of energy that can save our planet; to give future generations the same chance that you had to receive an extraordinary education. And whether as a person drawn to public service, or simply someone who insists on being an active citizen, you will be exposed to more opinions and ideas broadcast through more means of communication than ever existed before. You'll hear talking heads scream on cable; and you'll read blogs that claim definitive knowledge; and you will watch politicians pretend they know what they're talking about. Occasionally, you may have the great fortune of actually seeing important issues debated by people who do know what they're talking about -- by well-intentioned people with brilliant minds and mastery of the facts. In fact, I suspect that some of you will be among those brightest stars. 

And in this world of competing claims about what is right and what is true, have confidence in the values with which you've been raised and educated. Be unafraid to speak your mind when those values are at stake. Hold firm to your faith and allow it to guide you on your journey. In other words, stand as a lighthouse. But remember, too, that you can be a crossroads. Remember, too, that the ultimate irony of faith is that it necessarily admits doubt. It's the belief in things not seen. It's beyond our capacity as human beings to know with certainty what God has planned for us or what He asks of us. And those of us who believe must trust that His wisdom is greater than our own. 

And this doubt should not push us away our faith. But it should humble us. It should temper our passions, cause us to be wary of too much self-righteousness. It should compel us to remain open and curious and eager to continue the spiritual and moral debate that began for so many of you within the walls of Notre Dame. And within our vast democracy, this doubt should remind us even as we cling to our faith to persuade through reason, through an appeal, whenever we can, to universal rather than parochial principles, and most of all through an abiding example of good works and charity and kindness and service that moves hearts and minds.

For if there is one law that we can be most certain of, it is the law that binds people of all faiths and no faith together. It's no coincidence that it exists in Christianity and Judaism, in Islam and Hinduism, in Buddhism and humanism. It is, of course, the Golden Rule -- the call to treat one another as we wish to be treated. The call to love. The call to serve. To do what we can to make a difference in the lives of those with whom we share the same brief moment on this Earth. So many of you at Notre Dame -- by the last count, upwards of 80 percent -- have lived this law of love through the service you've performed at schools and hospitals, international relief agencies and local charities. Brennan is just one example of what your class has accomplished. That's incredibly impressive, a powerful testament to this institution.

And now -- now you must carry the tradition forward. Make it a way of life. Because when you serve, it doesn't just improve your community, it makes you a part of your community. It breaks down walls. It fosters cooperation. And when that happens -- when -- when people set aside their differences, even for a moment, to work in common effort toward a common goal; when they struggle together, and sacrifice together, and learn from one another -- then all things are possible. 

After all, I stand here today, as President and as an African American, on the 55th anniversary of the day that the Supreme Court handed down the decision in Brown versus Board of Education. Now, Brown was of course the first major step in dismantling the "separate but equal" doctrine. But it would take a number of years and a nationwide movement to fully realize the dream of civil rights for all of God's children. There were freedom rides and lunch counters and Billy clubs, and there was also a Civil Rights Commission appointed by President Eisenhower. It was the 12 resolutions recommended by this commission that would ultimately become law in the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 

There were six members of this commission. It included five whites and one African American, Democrats and Republicans, two Southern governors, the dean of a Southern law school, a Midwestern university president, and your own Father Ted Hesburgh, President of Notre Dame. So they worked for two years, and at times President Eisenhower had to intervene personally since no hotel or restaurant in the South would serve the black and white members of the commission together. And finally when they reached an impasse in Louisiana, Father Ted flew them all to Notre Dame's retreat in Land O'Lakes, Wisconsin -- where they eventually -- where they eventually overcame their differences and hammered out a final deal.

And years later, President Eisenhower asked Father Ted how on earth he was able to broker an agreement between men of such different backgrounds and beliefs. And Father Ted simply said that during their first dinner in Wisconsin they discovered they were all fishermen. And so he quickly readied a boat for a twilight trip out on the lake. They fished, and they talked, and they changed the course of history. 

I will not pretend that the challenges we face will be easy, or that the answers will come quickly, or that all our differences and divisions will fade happily away -- because life is not that simple. It never has been. But as you leave here today, remember the lessons of Cardinal Bernardin, of Father Hesburgh, of movements for change both large and small. Remember that each of us, endowed with the dignity possessed by all children of God, has the grace to recognize ourselves in one another; to understand that we all seek the same love of family, the same fulfillment of a life well lived. Remember that in the end, in some way we are all fishermen. 

If nothing else, that knowledge should give us faith that through our collective labor, and God's providence, and our willingness to shoulder each other's burdens, America will continue on its precious journey towards that more perfect union. Congratulations, Class of 2009.

May God bless you, and may God bless the United States of America.

Good morning, everybody.  Please be seated.  Thank you all for being here.  Let me just acknowledge the presence of some of my outstanding Cabinet members and advisors.  We've got our Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton.  We have our CIA Director Leon Panetta.  We have our Secretary of Defense William Gates; Secretary Napolitano of Department of Homeland Security; Attorney General Eric Holder; my National Security Advisor Jim Jones.  And I want to especially thank our Acting Archivist of the United States, Adrienne Thomas.

I also want to acknowledge several members of the House who have great interest in intelligence matters.  I want to thank Congressman Reyes, Congressman Hoekstra, Congressman King, as well as Congressman Thompson, for being here today.  Thank you so much.

These are extraordinary times for our country.  We're confronting a historic economic crisis.  We're fighting two wars.  We face a range of challenges that will define the way that Americans will live in the 21st century.  So there's no shortage of work to be done, or responsibilities to bear.

And we've begun to make progress.  Just this week, we've taken steps to protect American consumers and homeowners, and to reform our system of government contracting so that we better protect our people while spending our money more wisely.  The -- it's a good bill.  The engines of our economy are slowly beginning to turn, and we're working towards historic reform on health care and on energy.  I want to say to the members of Congress, I welcome all the extraordinary work that has been done over these last four months on these and other issues.

In the midst of all these challenges, however, my single most important responsibility as President is to keep the American people safe.  It's the first thing that I think about when I wake up in the morning.  It's the last thing that I think about when I go to sleep at night.

And this responsibility is only magnified in an era when an extremist ideology threatens our people, and technology gives a handful of terrorists the potential to do us great harm.  We are less than eight years removed from the deadliest attack on American soil in our history.  We know that al Qaeda is actively planning to attack us again.  We know that this threat will be with us for a long time, and that we must use all elements of our power to defeat it.

Already, we've taken several steps to achieve that goal.  For the first time since 2002, we're providing the necessary resources and strategic direction to take the fight to the extremists who attacked us on 9/11 in Afghanistan and Pakistan.  We're investing in the 21st century military and intelligence capabilities that will allow us to stay one step ahead of a nimble enemy.  We have re-energized a global non-proliferation regime to deny the world's most dangerous people access to the world's deadliest weapons.  And we've launched an effort to secure all loose nuclear materials within four years.  We're better protecting our border, and increasing our preparedness for any future attack or natural disaster.  We're building new partnerships around the world to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat al Qaeda and its affiliates.  And we have renewed American diplomacy so that we once again have the strength and standing to truly lead the world.

These steps are all critical to keeping America secure.  But I believe with every fiber of my being that in the long run we also cannot keep this country safe unless we enlist the power of our most fundamental values.  The documents that we hold in this very hall -- the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, the Bill of Rights -- these are not simply words written into aging parchment.  They are the foundation of liberty and justice in this country, and a light that shines for all who seek freedom, fairness, equality, and dignity around the world.

I stand here today as someone whose own life was made possible by these documents.  My father came to these shores in search of the promise that they offered.  My mother made me rise before dawn to learn their truths when I lived as a child in a foreign land.  My own American journey was paved by generations of citizens who gave meaning to those simple words -- "to form a more perfect union."  I've studied the Constitution as a student, I've taught it as a teacher, I've been bound by it as a lawyer and a legislator.  I took an oath to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution as Commander-in-Chief, and as a citizen, I know that we must never, ever, turn our back on its enduring principles for expedience sake.

I make this claim not simply as a matter of idealism.  We uphold our most cherished values not only because doing so is right, but because it strengthens our country and it keeps us safe.  Time and again, our values have been our best national security asset -- in war and peace; in times of ease and in eras of upheaval.

Fidelity to our values is the reason why the United States of America grew from a small string of colonies under the writ of an empire to the strongest nation in the world.

It's the reason why enemy soldiers have surrendered to us in battle, knowing they'd receive better treatment from America's Armed Forces than from their own government.

It's the reason why America has benefitted from strong alliances that amplified our power, and drawn a sharp, moral contrast with our adversaries.

It's the reason why we've been able to overpower the iron fist of fascism and outlast the iron curtain of communism, and enlist free nations and free peoples everywhere in the common cause and common effort of liberty.

From Europe to the Pacific, we've been the nation that has shut down torture chambers and replaced tyranny with the rule of law.  That is who we are.  And where terrorists offer only the injustice of disorder and destruction, America must demonstrate that our values and our institutions are more resilient than a hateful ideology.

After 9/11, we knew that we had entered a new era -- that enemies who did not abide by any law of war would present new challenges to our application of the law; that our government would need new tools to protect the American people, and that these tools would have to allow us to prevent attacks instead of simply prosecuting those who try to carry them out.

Unfortunately, faced with an uncertain threat, our government made a series of hasty decisions.  I believe that many of these decisions were motivated by a sincere desire to protect the American people.  But I also believe that all too often our government made decisions based on fear rather than foresight; that all too often our government trimmed facts and evidence to fit ideological predispositions.  Instead of strategically applying our power and our principles, too often we set those principles aside as luxuries that we could no longer afford.  And during this season of fear, too many of us -- Democrats and Republicans, politicians, journalists, and citizens -- fell silent.

In other words, we went off course.  And this is not my assessment alone.  It was an assessment that was shared by the American people who nominated candidates for President from both major parties who, despite our many differences, called for a new approach -- one that rejected torture and one that recognized the imperative of closing the prison at Guantanamo Bay.

Now let me be clear:  We are indeed at war with al Qaeda and its affiliates.  We do need to update our institutions to deal with this threat.  But we must do so with an abiding confidence in the rule of law and due process; in checks and balances and accountability.  For reasons that I will explain, the decisions that were made over the last eight years established an ad hoc legal approach for fighting terrorism that was neither effective nor sustainable -- a framework that failed to rely on our legal traditions and time-tested institutions, and that failed to use our values as a compass.  And that's why I took several steps upon taking office to better protect the American people.

First, I banned the use of so-called enhanced interrogation techniques by the United States of America.

I know some have argued that brutal methods like waterboarding were necessary to keep us safe.  I could not disagree more.  As Commander-in-Chief, I see the intelligence.  I bear the responsibility for keeping this country safe.  And I categorically reject the assertion that these are the most effective means of interrogation.  What's more, they undermine the rule of law.  They alienate us in the world.  They serve as a recruitment tool for terrorists, and increase the will of our enemies to fight us, while decreasing the will of others to work with America.  They risk the lives of our troops by making it less likely that others will surrender to them in battle, and more likely that Americans will be mistreated if they are captured.  In short, they did not advance our war and counterterrorism efforts -- they undermined them, and that is why I ended them once and for all.

Now, I should add, the arguments against these techniques did not originate from my administration.  As Senator McCain once said, torture "serves as a great propaganda tool for those who recruit people to fight against us."  And even under President Bush, there was recognition among members of his own administration -- including a Secretary of State, other senior officials, and many in the military and intelligence community -- that those who argued for these tactics were on the wrong side of the debate, and the wrong side of history.  That's why we must leave these methods where they belong -- in the past.  They are not who we are, and they are not America.

The second decision that I made was to order the closing of the prison camp at Guantanamo Bay.

For over seven years, we have detained hundreds of people at Guantanamo.  During that time, the system of military commissions that were in place at Guantanamo succeeded in convicting a grand total of three suspected terrorists.  Let me repeat that:  three convictions in over seven years.  Instead of bringing terrorists to justice, efforts at prosecution met setback after setback, cases lingered on, and in 2006 the Supreme Court invalidated the entire system.  Meanwhile, over 525 detainees were released from Guantanamo under not my administration, under the previous administration.  Let me repeat that:  Two-thirds of the detainees were released before I took office and ordered the closure of Guantanamo.

There is also no question that Guantanamo set back the moral authority that is America's strongest currency in the world.  Instead of building a durable framework for the struggle against al Qaeda that drew upon our deeply held values and traditions, our government was defending positions that undermined the rule of law.  In fact, part of the rationale for establishing Guantanamo in the first place was the misplaced notion that a prison there would be beyond the law -- a proposition that the Supreme Court soundly rejected.  Meanwhile, instead of serving as a tool to counter terrorism, Guantanamo became a symbol that helped al Qaeda recruit terrorists to its cause.  Indeed, the existence of Guantanamo likely created more terrorists around the world than it ever detained.

So the record is clear:  Rather than keeping us safer, the prison at Guantanamo has weakened American national security.  It is a rallying cry for our enemies.  It sets back the willingness of our allies to work with us in fighting an enemy that operates in scores of countries.  By any measure, the costs of keeping it open far exceed the complications involved in closing it.  That's why I argued that it should be closed throughout my campaign, and that is why I ordered it closed within one year.

The third decision that I made was to order a review of all pending cases at Guantanamo.  I knew when I ordered Guantanamo closed that it would be difficult and complex.  There are 240 people there who have now spent years in legal limbo.  In dealing with this situation, we don't have the luxury of starting from scratch.  We're cleaning up something that is, quite simply, a mess -- a misguided experiment that has left in its wake a flood of legal challenges that my administration is forced to deal with on a constant, almost daily basis, and it consumes the time of government officials whose time should be spent on better protecting our country.

Indeed, the legal challenges that have sparked so much debate in recent weeks here in Washington would be taking place whether or not I decided to close Guantanamo.  For example, the court order to release 17 Uighurs -- 17 Uighur detainees took place last fall, when George Bush was President.  The Supreme Court that invalidated the system of prosecution at Guantanamo in 2006 was overwhelmingly appointed by Republican Presidents -- not wild-eyed liberals.  In other words, the problem of what to do with Guantanamo detainees was not caused by my decision to close the facility; the problem exists because of the decision to open Guantanamo in the first place. 

Now let me be blunt.  There are no neat or easy answers here.  I wish there were.  But I can tell you that the wrong answer is to pretend like this problem will go away if we maintain an unsustainable status quo.  As President, I refuse to allow this problem to fester.  I refuse to pass it on to somebody else.  It is my responsibility to solve the problem.  Our security interests will not permit us to delay.  Our courts won't allow it.  And neither should our conscience.

Now, over the last several weeks, we've seen a return of the politicization of these issues that have characterized the last several years.  I'm an elected official; I understand these problems arouse passions and concerns.  They should.  We're confronting some of the most complicated questions that a democracy can face.  But I have no interest in spending all of our time relitigating the policies of the last eight years.  I'll leave that to others.  I want to solve these problems, and I want to solve them together as Americans.

And we will be ill-served by some of the fear-mongering that emerges whenever we discuss this issue.  Listening to the recent debate, I've heard words that, frankly, are calculated to scare people rather than educate them; words that have more to do with politics than protecting our country.  So I want to take this opportunity to lay out what we are doing, and how we intend to resolve these outstanding issues.  I will explain how each action that we are taking will help build a framework that protects both the American people and the values that we hold most dear.  And I'll focus on two broad areas:  first, issues relating to Guantanamo and our detention policy; but, second, I also want to discuss issues relating to security and transparency.

Now, let me begin by disposing of one argument as plainly as I can:  We are not going to release anyone if it would endanger our national security, nor will we release detainees within the United States who endanger the American people.  Where demanded by justice and national security, we will seek to transfer some detainees to the same type of facilities in which we hold all manner of dangerous and violent criminals within our borders -- namely, highly secure prisons that ensure the public safety. 

As we make these decisions, bear in mind the following face:  Nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal, supermax prisons, which hold hundreds of convicted terrorists.  As Republican Lindsey Graham said, the idea that we cannot find a place to securely house 250-plus detainees within the United States is not rational.

We are currently in the process of reviewing each of the detainee cases at Guantanamo to determine the appropriate policy for dealing with them.  And as we do so, we are acutely aware that under the last administration, detainees were released and, in some cases, returned to the battlefield.  That's why we are doing away with the poorly planned, haphazard approach that let those detainees go in the past.  Instead we are treating these cases with the care and attention that the law requires and that our security demands.

Now, going forward, these cases will fall into five distinct categories.

First, whenever feasible, we will try those who have violated American criminal laws in federal courts -- courts provided for by the United States Constitution.  Some have derided our federal courts as incapable of handling the trials of terrorists.  They are wrong.  Our courts and our juries, our citizens, are tough enough to convict terrorists.  The record makes that clear.  Ramzi Yousef tried to blow up the World Trade Center.  He was convicted in our courts and is serving a life sentence in U.S. prisons.  Zacarias Moussaoui has been identified as the 20th 9/11 hijacker.  He was convicted in our courts, and he too is serving a life sentence in prison.  If we can try those terrorists in our courts and hold them in our prisons, then we can do the same with detainees from Guantanamo.

Recently, we prosecuted and received a guilty plea from a detainee, al-Marri, in federal court after years of legal confusion.  We're preparing to transfer another detainee to the Southern District Court of New York, where he will face trial on charges related to the 1998 bombings of our embassies in Kenya and Tanzania -- bombings that killed over 200 people.  Preventing this detainee from coming to our shores would prevent his trial and conviction.  And after over a decade, it is time to finally see that justice is served, and that is what we intend to do.

The second category of cases involves detainees who violate the laws of war and are therefore best tried through military commissions.  Military commissions have a history in the United States dating back to George Washington and the Revolutionary War.  They are an appropriate venue for trying detainees for violations of the laws of war.  They allow for the protection of sensitive sources and methods of intelligence-gathering; they allow for the safety and security of participants; and for the presentation of evidence gathered from the battlefield that cannot always be effectively presented in federal courts.

Now, some have suggested that this represents a reversal on my part.  They should look at the record.  In 2006, I did strongly oppose legislation proposed by the Bush administration and passed by the Congress because it failed to establish a legitimate legal framework, with the kind of meaningful due process rights for the accused that could stand up on appeal.

I said at that time, however, that I supported the use of military commissions to try detainees, provided there were several reforms, and in fact there were some bipartisan efforts to achieve those reforms.  Those are the reforms that we are now making.  Instead of using the flawed commissions of the last seven years, my administration is bringing our commissions in line with the rule of law.  We will no longer permit the use of evidence -- as evidence statements that have been obtained using cruel, inhuman, or degrading interrogation methods.  We will no longer place the burden to prove that hearsay is unreliable on the opponent of the hearsay.  And we will give detainees greater latitude in selecting their own counsel, and more protections if they refuse to testify.  These reforms, among others, will make our military commissions a more credible and effective means of administering justice, and I will work with Congress and members of both parties, as well as legal authorities across the political spectrum, on legislation to ensure that these commissions are fair, legitimate, and effective.

The third category of detainees includes those who have been ordered released by the courts.  Now, let me repeat what I said earlier:  This has nothing to do with my decision to close Guantanamo.  It has to do with the rule of law.  The courts have spoken.  They have found that there's no legitimate reason to hold 21 of the people currently held at Guantanamo.  Nineteen of these findings took place before I was sworn into office.  I cannot ignore these rulings because as President, I too am bound by the law.  The United States is a nation of laws and so we must abide by these rulings.

The fourth category of cases involves detainees who we have determined can be transferred safely to another country.  So far, our review team has approved 50 detainees for transfer.  And my administration is in ongoing discussions with a number of other countries about the transfer of detainees to their soil for detention and rehabilitation.

Now, finally, there remains the question of detainees at Guantanamo who cannot be prosecuted yet who pose a clear danger to the American people.  And I have to be honest here -- this is the toughest single issue that we will face.  We're going to exhaust every avenue that we have to prosecute those at Guantanamo who pose a danger to our country.  But even when this process is complete, there may be a number of people who cannot be prosecuted for past crimes, in some cases because evidence may be tainted, but who nonetheless pose a threat to the security of the United States.  Examples of that threat include people who've received extensive explosives training at al Qaeda training camps, or commanded Taliban troops in battle, or expressed their allegiance to Osama bin Laden, or otherwise made it clear that they want to kill Americans.  These are people who, in effect, remain at war with the United States.

Let me repeat:  I am not going to release individuals who endanger the American people.  Al Qaeda terrorists and their affiliates are at war with the United States, and those that we capture -- like other prisoners of war -- must be prevented from attacking us again.  Having said that, we must recognize that these detention policies cannot be unbounded.  They can't be based simply on what I or the executive branch decide alone.  That's why my administration has begun to reshape the standards that apply to ensure that they are in line with the rule of law. We must have clear, defensible, and lawful standards for those who fall into this category.  We must have fair procedures so that we don't make mistakes.  We must have a thorough process of periodic review, so that any prolonged detention is carefully evaluated and justified.

I know that creating such a system poses unique challenges. And other countries have grappled with this question; now, so must we.  But I want to be very clear that our goal is to construct a legitimate legal framework for the remaining Guantanamo detainees that cannot be transferred.  Our goal is not to avoid a legitimate legal framework.  In our constitutional system, prolonged detention should not be the decision of any one man.  If and when we determine that the United States must hold individuals to keep them from carrying out an act of war, we will do so within a system that involves judicial and congressional oversight.  And so, going forward, my administration will work with Congress to develop an appropriate legal regime so that our efforts are consistent with our values and our Constitution.

Now, as our efforts to close Guantanamo move forward, I know that the politics in Congress will be difficult.  These are issues that are fodder for 30-second commercials.  You can almost picture the direct mail pieces that emerge from any vote on this issue -- designed to frighten the population.  I get it.  But if we continue to make decisions within a climate of fear, we will make more mistakes.  And if we refuse to deal with these issues today, then I guarantee you that they will be an albatross around our efforts to combat terrorism in the future. 

I have confidence that the American people are more interested in doing what is right to protect this country than in political posturing.  I am not the only person in this city who swore an oath to uphold the Constitution -- so did each and every member of Congress.  And together we have a responsibility to enlist our values in the effort to secure our people, and to leave behind the legacy that makes it easier for future Presidents to keep this country safe.

Now, let me touch on a second set of issues that relate to security and transparency. 

National security requires a delicate balance.  One the one hand, our democracy depends on transparency.  On the other hand, some information must be protected from public disclosure for the sake of our security -- for instance, the movement of our troops, our intelligence-gathering, or the information we have about a terrorist organization and its affiliates.  In these and other cases, lives are at stake.

Now, several weeks ago, as part of an ongoing court case, I released memos issued by the previous administration's Office of Legal Counsel.  I did not do this because I disagreed with the enhanced interrogation techniques that those memos authorized, and I didn't release the documents because I rejected their legal rationales -- although I do on both counts.  I released the memos because the existence of that approach to interrogation was already widely known, the Bush administration had acknowledged its existence, and I had already banned those methods.  The argument that somehow by releasing those memos we are providing terrorists with information about how they will be interrogated makes no sense.  We will not be interrogating terrorists using that approach.  That approach is now prohibited.

In short, I released these memos because there was no overriding reason to protect them.  And the ensuing debate has helped the American people better understand how these interrogation methods came to be authorized and used.

On the other hand, I recently opposed the release of certain photographs that were taken of detainees by U.S. personnel between 2002 and 2004.  Individuals who violated standards of behavior in these photos have been investigated and they have been held accountable.  There was and is no debate as to whether what is reflected in those photos is wrong.  Nothing has been concealed to absolve perpetrators of crimes.  However, it was my judgment -- informed by my national security team -- that releasing these photos would inflame anti-American opinion and allow our enemies to paint U.S. troops with a broad, damning, and inaccurate brush, thereby endangering them in theaters of war.

In short, there is a clear and compelling reason to not release these particular photos.  There are nearly 200,000 Americans who are serving in harm's way, and I have a solemn responsibility for their safety as Commander-in-Chief.  Nothing would be gained by the release of these photos that matters more than the lives of our young men and women serving in harm's way.

Now, in the press's mind and in some of the public's mind, these two cases are contradictory.  They are not to me.  In each of these cases, I had to strike the right balance between transparency and national security.  And this balance brings with it a precious responsibility.  There's no doubt that the American people have seen this balance tested over the last several years.  In the images from Abu Ghraib and the brutal interrogation techniques made public long before I was President, the American people learned of actions taken in their name that bear no resemblance to the ideals that generations of Americans have fought for.  And whether it was the run-up to the Iraq war or the revelation of secret programs, Americans often felt like part of the story had been unnecessarily withheld from them.  And that caused suspicion to build up.  And that leads to a thirst for accountability.

I understand that.  I ran for President promising transparency, and I meant what I said.  And that's why, whenever possible, my administration will make all information available to the American people so that they can make informed judgments and hold us accountable.  But I have never argued -- and I never will -- that our most sensitive national security matters should simply be an open book.  I will never abandon -- and will vigorously defend -- the necessity of classification to defend our troops at war, to protect sources and methods, and to safeguard confidential actions that keep the American people safe.  Here's the difference though:  Whenever we cannot release certain information to the public for valid national security reasons, I will insist that there is oversight of my actions -- by Congress or by the courts.

We're currently launching a review of current policies by all those agencies responsible for the classification of documents to determine where reforms are possible, and to assure that the other branches of government will be in a position to review executive branch decisions on these matters.  Because in our system of checks and balances, someone must always watch over the watchers -- especially when it comes to sensitive administration -- information.

Now, along these same lines, my administration is also confronting challenges to what is known as the "state secrets" privilege.  This is a doctrine that allows the government to challenge legal cases involving secret programs.  It's been used by many past Presidents -- Republican and Democrat -- for many decades.  And while this principle is absolutely necessary in some circumstances to protect national security, I am concerned that it has been over-used.  It is also currently the subject of a wide range of lawsuits.  So let me lay out some principles here.  We must not protect information merely because it reveals the violation of a law or embarrassment to the government.  And that's why my administration is nearing completion of a thorough review of this practice.

And we plan to embrace several principles for reform.  We will apply a stricter legal test to material that can be protected under the state secrets privilege.  We will not assert the privilege in court without first following our own formal process, including review by a Justice Department committee and the personal approval of the Attorney General.  And each year we will voluntarily report to Congress when we have invoked the privilege and why because, as I said before, there must be proper oversight over our actions.

On all these matters related to the disclosure of sensitive information, I wish I could say that there was some simple formula out there to be had.  There is not.  These often involve tough calls, involve competing concerns, and they require a surgical approach.  But the common thread that runs through all of my decisions is simple:  We will safeguard what we must to protect the American people, but we will also ensure the accountability and oversight that is the hallmark of our constitutional system.  I will never hide the truth because it's uncomfortable.  I will deal with Congress and the courts as co-equal branches of government.  I will tell the American people what I know and don't know, and when I release something publicly or keep something secret, I will tell you why.

Now, in all the areas that I've discussed today, the policies that I've proposed represent a new direction from the last eight years.  To protect the American people and our values, we've banned enhanced interrogation techniques.  We are closing the prison at Guantanamo.  We are reforming military commissions, and we will pursue a new legal regime to detain terrorists.  We are declassifying more information and embracing more oversight of our actions, and we're narrowing our use of the state secrets privilege.  These are dramatic changes that will put our approach to national security on a surer, safer, and more sustainable footing.  Their implementation will take time, but they will get done.

There's a core principle that we will apply to all of our actions.  Even as we clean up the mess at Guantanamo, we will constantly reevaluate our approach, subject our decisions to review from other branches of government, as well as the public.  We seek the strongest and most sustainable legal framework for addressing these issues in the long term -- not to serve immediate politics, but to do what's right over the long term.  By doing that we can leave behind a legacy that outlasts my administration, my presidency, that endures for the next President and the President after that -- a legacy that protects the American people and enjoys a broad legitimacy at home and abroad.

Now, this is what I mean when I say that we need to focus on the future.  I recognize that many still have a strong desire to focus on the past.  When it comes to actions of the last eight years, passions are high.  Some Americans are angry; others want to re-fight debates that have been settled, in some cases debates that they have lost.  I know that these debates lead directly, in some cases, to a call for a fuller accounting, perhaps through an independent commission.

I've opposed the creation of such a commission because I believe that our existing democratic institutions are strong enough to deliver accountability.  The Congress can review abuses of our values, and there are ongoing inquiries by the Congress into matters like enhanced interrogation techniques.  The Department of Justice and our courts can work through and punish any violations of our laws or miscarriages of justice.

It's no secret there is a tendency in Washington to spend our time pointing fingers at one another.  And it's no secret that our media culture feeds the impulse that lead to a good fight and good copy.  But nothing will contribute more than that than a extended relitigation of the last eight years.  Already, we've seen how that kind of effort only leads those in Washington to different sides to laying blame.  It can distract us from focusing our time, our efforts, and our politics on the challenges of the future.

We see that, above all, in the recent debate -- how the recent debate has obscured the truth and sends people into opposite and absolutist ends.  On the one side of the spectrum, there are those who make little allowance for the unique challenges posed by terrorism, and would almost never put national security over transparency.  And on the other end of the spectrum, there are those who embrace a view that can be summarized in two words:  "Anything goes."  Their arguments suggest that the ends of fighting terrorism can be used to justify any means, and that the President should have blanket authority to do whatever he wants -- provided it is a President with whom they agree.

Both sides may be sincere in their views, but neither side is right.  The American people are not absolutist, and they don't elect us to impose a rigid ideology on our problems.  They know that we need not sacrifice our security for our values, nor sacrifice our values for our security, so long as we approach difficult questions with honesty and care and a dose of common sense.  That, after all, is the unique genius of America.  That's the challenge laid down by our Constitution.  That has been the source of our strength through the ages.  That's what makes the United States of America different as a nation.

I can stand here today, as President of the United States, and say without exception or equivocation that we do not torture, and that we will vigorously protect our people while forging a strong and durable framework that allows us to fight terrorism while abiding by the rule of law.  Make no mistake:  If we fail to turn the page on the approach that was taken over the past several years, then I will not be able to say that as President.  And if we cannot stand for our core values, then we are not keeping faith with the documents that are enshrined in this hall.

The Framers who drafted the Constitution could not have foreseen the challenges that have unfolded over the last 222 years.  But our Constitution has endured through secession and civil rights, through World War and Cold War, because it provides a foundation of principles that can be applied pragmatically; it provides a compass that can help us find our way.  It hasn't always been easy.  We are an imperfect people.  Every now and then, there are those who think that America's safety and success requires us to walk away from the sacred principles enshrined in this building.  And we hear such voices today.  But over the long haul the American people have resisted that temptation.  And though we've made our share of mistakes, required some course corrections, ultimately we have held fast to the principles that have been the source of our strength and a beacon to the world.

Now this generation faces a great test in the specter of terrorism.  And unlike the Civil War or World War II, we can't count on a surrender ceremony to bring this journey to an end.  Right now, in distant training camps and in crowded cities, there are people plotting to take American lives.  That will be the case a year from now, five years from now, and -- in all probability -- 10 years from now.  Neither I nor anyone can stand here today and say that there will not be another terrorist attack that takes American lives.  But I can say with certainty that my administration -- along with our extraordinary troops and the patriotic men and women who defend our national security -- will do everything in our power to keep the American people safe.  And I do know with certainty that we can defeat al Qaeda.  Because the terrorists can only succeed if they swell their ranks and alienate America from our allies, and they will never be able to do that if we stay true to who we are, if we forge tough and durable approaches to fighting terrorism that are anchored in our timeless ideals.  This must be our common purpose.

I ran for President because I believe that we cannot solve the challenges of our time unless we solve them together.  We will not be safe if we see national security as a wedge that divides America -- it can and must be a cause that unites us as one people and as one nation.  We've done so before in times that were more perilous than ours.  We will do so once again.

Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.

We meet today at a transformational moment -- a moment in history when our interconnected world presents us, at once, with great promise but also great peril.

Now, over the past four months my Administration has taken decisive steps to seize the promise and confront these perils. We're working to recover from a global recession while laying a new foundation for lasting prosperity. We're strengthening our armed forces as they fight two wars, at the same time we're renewing American leadership to confront unconventional challenges, from nuclear proliferation to terrorism, from climate change to pandemic disease. And we're bringing to government -- and to this White House -- unprecedented transparency and accountability and new ways for Americans to participate in their democracy.

But none of this progress would be possible, and none of these 21st century challenges can be fully met, without America's digital infrastructure -- the backbone that underpins a prosperous economy and a strong military and an open and efficient government. Without that foundation we can't get the job done.

It's long been said that the revolutions in communications and information technology have given birth to a virtual world. But make no mistake: This world -- cyberspace -- is a world that we depend on every single day. It's our hardware and our software, our desktops and laptops and cell phones and Blackberries that have become woven into every aspect of our lives.

It's the broadband networks beneath us and the wireless signals around us, the local networks in our schools and hospitals and businesses, and the massive grids that power our nation. It's the classified military and intelligence networks that keep us safe, and the World Wide Web that has made us more interconnected than at any time in human history.

So cyberspace is real. And so are the risks that come with it.

It's the great irony of our Information Age -- the very technologies that empower us to create and to build also empower those who would disrupt and destroy. And this paradox -- seen and unseen -- is something that we experience every day.

It's about the privacy and the economic security of American families. We rely on the Internet to pay our bills, to bank, to shop, to file our taxes. But we've had to learn a whole new vocabulary just to stay ahead of the cyber criminals who would do us harm: spyware and malware and spoofing and phishing and botnets. Millions of Americans have been victimized, their privacy violated, their identities stolen, their lives upended, and their wallets emptied. According to one survey, in the past two years alone cyber crime has cost Americans more than 8 billion dollars.

I know how it feels to have privacy violated because it has happened to me and the people around me. It's no secret that my presidential campaign harnessed the Internet and technology to transform our politics. What isn't widely known is that during the general election hackers managed to penetrate our computer systems. To all of you who donated to our campaign, I want you to all rest assured, our fundraising website was untouched. So your confidential personal and financial information was protected.

But between August and October, hackers gained access to emails and a range of campaign files, from policy position papers to travel plans. And we worked closely with the CIA, with the FBI and the Secret Service, and hired security consultants to restore the security of our systems. It was a powerful reminder: In this Information Age, one of your greatest strengths -- in our case, our ability to communicate to a wide range of supporters through the Internet -- could also be one of your greatest vulnerabilities.

This is a matter, as well, of America's economic competitiveness. The small businesswoman in St. Louis, the bond trader in the New York Stock Exchange, the workers at a global shipping company in Memphis, the young entrepreneur in Silicon Valley -- they all need the networks to make the next payroll, the next trade, the next delivery, the next great breakthrough. E-commerce alone last year accounted for some 132 billion dollars in retail sales.

But every day we see waves of cyber thieves trolling for sensitive information -- the disgruntled employee on the inside, the lone hacker a thousand miles away, organized crime, the industrial spy and, increasingly, foreign intelligence services. In one brazen act last year, thieves used stolen credit card information to steal millions of dollars from 130 ATM machines in 49 cities around the world -- and they did it in just 30 minutes.

A single employee of an American company was convicted of stealing intellectual property reportedly worth 400 million dollars. It's been estimated that last year alone cyber criminals stole intellectual property from businesses worldwide worth up to 1 trillion dollars.

In short, America's economic prosperity in the 21st century will depend on cybersecurity.

And this is also a matter of public safety and national security. We count on computer networks to deliver our oil and gas, our power and our water. We rely on them for public transportation and air traffic control. Yet we know that cyber intruders have probed our electrical grid and that in other countries cyber attacks have plunged entire cities into darkness.

Our technological advantage is a key to America's military dominance. But our defense and military networks are under constant attack. Al Qaeda and other terrorist groups have spoken of their desire to unleash a cyber attack on our country -- attacks that are harder to detect and harder to defend against. Indeed, in today's world, acts of terror could come not only from a few extremists in suicide vests but from a few key strokes on the computer -- a weapon of mass disruption.

In one of the most serious cyber incidents to date against our military networks, several thousand computers were infected last year by malicious software -- malware. And while no sensitive information was compromised, our troops and defense personnel had to give up those external memory devices -- thumb drives -- changing the way they used their computers every day.

And last year we had a glimpse of the future face of war. As Russian tanks rolled into Georgia, cyber attacks crippled Georgian government websites. The terrorists that sowed so much death and destruction in Mumbai relied not only on guns and grenades but also on GPS and phones using voice-over-the-Internet.

For all these reasons, it's now clear this cyber threat is one of the most serious economic and national security challenges we face as a nation.

It's also clear that we're not as prepared as we should be, as a government or as a country.  In recent years, some progress has been made at the federal level. But just as we failed in the past to invest in our physical infrastructure -- our roads, our bridges and rails -- we've failed to invest in the security of our digital infrastructure.

No single official oversees cybersecurity policy across the federal government, and no single agency has the responsibility or authority to match the scope and scale of the challenge. Indeed, when it comes to cybersecurity, federal agencies have overlapping missions and don't coordinate and communicate nearly as well as they should -- with each other or with the private sector. We saw this in the disorganized response to Conficker, the Internet worm that in recent months has infected millions of computers around the world.

This status quo is no longer acceptable -- not when there's so much at stake. We can and we must do better.

And that's why shortly after taking office I directed my National Security Council and Homeland Security Council to conduct a top-to-bottom review of the federal government's efforts to defend our information and communications infrastructure and to recommend the best way to ensure that these networks are able to secure our networks as well as our prosperity.

Our review was open and transparent. I want to acknowledge, Melissa Hathaway -- who is here -- who is the Acting Senior Director for Cyberspace on our National Security Council, who led the review team, as well as the Center for Strategic and International Studies bipartisan Commission on Cybersecurity, and all who were part of our 60-day review team. They listened to a wide variety of groups, many of which are represented here today and I want to thank for their input: industry and academia, civil liberties and private -- privacy advocates. We listened to every level and branch of government -- from local to state to federal, civilian, military, homeland as well as intelligence, Congress and international partners, as well. I consulted with my national security teams, my homeland security teams, and my economic advisors.

Today I'm releasing a report on our review, and can announce that my Administration will pursue a new comprehensive approach to securing America's digital infrastructure.

This new approach starts at the top, with this commitment from me: From now on, our digital infrastructure -- the networks and computers we depend on every day -- will be treated as they should be: as a strategic national asset. Protecting this infrastructure will be a national security priority. We will ensure that these networks are secure, trustworthy and resilient. We will deter, prevent, detect, and defend against attacks and recover quickly from any disruptions or damage.

To give these efforts the high-level focus and attention they deserve -- and as part of the new, single National Security Staff announced this week -- I'm creating a new office here at the White House that will be led by the Cybersecurity Coordinator.  Because of the critical importance of this work, I will personally select this official. I'll depend on this official in all matters relating to cybersecurity, and this official will have my full support and regular access to me as we confront these challenges.

Today, I want to focus on the important responsibilities this office will fulfill: orchestrating and integrating all cybersecurity policies for the government; working closely with the Office of Management and Budget to ensure agency budgets reflect those priorities; and, in the event of major cyber incident or attack, coordinating our response.

To ensure that federal cyber policies enhance our security and our prosperity, my Cybersecurity Coordinator will be a member of the National Security Staff as well as the staff of my National Economic Council. To ensure that policies keep faith with our fundamental values, this office will also include an official with a portfolio specifically dedicated to safeguarding the privacy and civil liberties of the American people.

There's much work to be done, and the report we're releasing today outlines a range of actions that we will pursue in five key areas.

First, working in partnership with the communities represented here today, we will develop a new comprehensive strategy to secure America's information and communications networks. To ensure a coordinated approach across government, my Cybersecurity Coordinator will work closely with my Chief Technology Officer, Aneesh Chopra, and my Chief Information Officer, Vivek Kundra. To ensure accountability in federal agencies, cybersecurity will be designated as one of my key management priorities. Clear milestones and performances metrics will measure progress. And as we develop our strategy, we will be open and transparent, which is why you'll find today's report and a wealth of related information on our Web site, www.whitehouse.gov.

Second, we will work with all the key players -- including state and local governments and the private sector -- to ensure an organized and unified response to future cyber incidents. Given the enormous damage that can be caused by even a single cyber attack, ad hoc responses will not do. Nor is it sufficient to simply strengthen our defenses after incidents or attacks occur. Just as we do for natural disasters, we have to have plans and resources in place beforehand -- sharing information, issuing warnings and ensuring a coordinated response.

Third, we will strengthen the public/private partnerships that are critical to this endeavor. The vast majority of our critical information infrastructure in the United States is owned and operated by the private sector. So let me be very clear: My Administration will not dictate security standards for private companies. On the contrary, we will collaborate with industry to find technology solutions that ensure our security and promote prosperity.

Fourth, we will continue to invest in the cutting-edge research and development necessary for the innovation and discovery we need to meet the digital challenges of our time. And that's why my Administration is making major investments in our information infrastructure: laying broadband lines to every corner of America; building a smart electric grid to deliver energy more efficiently; pursuing a next generation of air traffic control systems; and moving to electronic health records, with privacy protections, to reduce costs and save lives.

And finally, we will begin a national campaign to promote cybersecurity awareness and digital literacy from our boardrooms to our classrooms, and to build a digital workforce for the 21st century. And that's why we're making a new commitment to education in math and science, and historic investments in science and research and development. Because it's not enough for our children and students to master today's technologies -- social networking and e-mailing and texting and blogging -- we need them to pioneer the technologies that will allow us to work effectively through these new media and allow us to prosper in the future. So these are the things we will do.

Let me also be clear about what we will not do. Our pursuit of cybersecurity will not -- I repeat, will not include -- monitoring private sector networks or Internet traffic.

We will preserve and protect the personal privacy and civil liberties that we cherish as Americans. Indeed, I remain firmly committed to net neutrality so we can keep the Internet as it should be -- open and free.

The task I have described will not be easy. Some 1.5 billion people around the world are already online, and more are logging on every day. Groups and governments are sharpening their cyber capabilities. Protecting our prosperity and security in this globalized world is going to be a long, difficult struggle demanding patience and persistence over many years.

But we need to remember: We're only at the beginning. The epochs of history are long -- the Agricultural Revolution; the Industrial Revolution. By comparison, our Information Age is still in its infancy. We're only at Web 2.0. Now our virtual world is going viral. And we've only just begun to explore the next generation of technologies that will transform our lives in ways we can't even begin to imagine.

So a new world awaits -- a world of greater security and greater potential prosperity -- if we reach for it, if we lead. So long as I'm President of the United States, we will do just that. And the United States -- the nation that invented the Internet, that launched an information revolution, that transformed the world -- will do what we did in the 20th century and lead once more in the 21st.

Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

Thank you so much. Good afternoon. I am honored to be in the timeless city of Cairo, and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions. For over a thousand years, Al-Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning; and for over a century, Cairo University has been a source of Egypt's advancement. And together, you represent the harmony between tradition and progress. I'm grateful for your hospitality and the hospitality of the people of Egypt. And I'm also proud to carry with me the goodwill of the American people, and a greeting of peace from Muslim communities in my country: Assalaamu alaykum [Peace be upon you].

We meet at a time of great tension between the United States and Muslims around the world, tension rooted in historical forces that go beyond any current policy debate. The relationship between Islam and the West includes centuries of coexistence and cooperation, but also conflict and religious wars. More recently, tension has been fed by colonialism that denied rights and opportunities to many Muslims, and a Cold War in which Muslim-majority countries were too often treated as proxies without regard to their own aspirations. Moreover, the sweeping change brought by modernity and globalization led many Muslims to view the West as hostile to the traditions of Islam.

Violent extremists have exploited these tensions in a small but potent minority of Muslims. The attacks of September 11, 2001 and the continued efforts of these extremists to engage in violence against civilians has led some in my country to view Islam as inevitably hostile not only to America and Western countries, but also to human rights. All this has bred more fear and more mistrust.

So long as our relationship is defined by our differences, we will empower those who sow hatred rather than peace, those who promote conflict rather than the cooperation that can help all of our people achieve justice and prosperity. And this cycle of suspicion and discord must end.

I've come here to Cairo to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world, one based on mutual interest and mutual respect, and one based upon the truth that America and Islam are not exclusive and need not be in competition. Instead, they overlap and share common principles -- principles of justice and progress, tolerance and the dignity of all human beings.

I do so recognizing that change cannot happen overnight. I know there's been a lot of publicity about this speech, but no single speech can eradicate years of mistrust, nor can I answer in the time that I have this afternoon all the complex questions that brought us to this point. But I am convinced that in order to move forward, we must say openly to each other the things we hold in our hearts and that too often are said only behind closed doors. There must be a sustained effort to listen to each other, to learn from each other, to respect one another, and to seek common ground. As the Holy Qur’an tells us, "Be conscious of God and speak always the truth." That is what I will try to do today -- to speak the truth as best I can, humbled by the task before us, and firm in my belief that the interests we share as human beings are far more powerful than the forces that drive us apart.

Now part of this conviction is rooted in my own experience. I'm a Christian, but my father came from a Kenyan family that includes generations of Muslims.  As a boy, I spent several years in Indonesia and heard the call of the azaan at the break of dawn and at the fall of dusk.  As a young man, I worked in Chicago communities where many found dignity and peace in their Muslim faith.

As a student of history, I also know civilization's debt to Islam. It was Islam -- at places like Al-Azhar -- that carried the light of learning through so many centuries, paving the way for Europe's Renaissance and Enlightenment. It was innovation in Muslim communities -- It was innovation in Muslim communities that developed the order of algebra, our magnetic compass and tools of navigation, our mastery of pens and printing, our understanding of how disease spreads and how it can be healed. Islamic culture has given us majestic arches and soaring spires; timeless poetry and cherished music; elegant calligraphy and places of peaceful contemplation. And throughout history, Islam has demonstrated through words and deeds the possibilities of religious tolerance and racial equality.

I also know that Islam has always been a part of America's story. The first nation to recognize my country was Morocco. In signing the Treaty of Tripoli in 1796, our second President, John Adams, wrote, "The United States has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion, or tranquility of Muslims." And since our founding, American Muslims have enriched the United States. They have fought in our wars; they have served in our government; they have stood for civil rights; they have started businesses; they have taught at our universities; they've excelled in our sports arenas; they've won Nobel Prizes, built our tallest building, and lit the Olympic Torch.  And when the first Muslim American was recently elected to Congress, he took the oath to defend our Constitution using the same Holy Qur’an that one of our Founding Fathers -- Thomas Jefferson -- kept in his personal library.

So I have known Islam on three continents before coming to the region where it was first revealed. That experience guides my conviction that partnership between America and Islam must be based on what Islam is, not what it isn't. And I consider it part of my responsibility as President of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear.

But, that same principle must apply to Muslim perceptions of America. Just as Muslims -- Just as Muslims do not fit a crude stereotype, America is not the crude stereotype of a self-interested empire. The United States has been one of the greatest sources of progress that the world has ever known. We were born out of revolution against an empire. We were founded upon the ideal that all are created equal. And we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words -- within our borders and around the world. We are shaped by every culture, drawn from every end of the Earth, and dedicated to a simple concept: E pluribus unum -- "Out of many, one."

Now much has been made of the fact that an African American with the name Barack Hussein Obama could be elected President. But my personal story is not so unique. The dream of opportunity for all people has not come true for everyone in America, but its promise exists for all who come to our shores -- and that includes nearly 7 million American Muslims in our country today who, by the way, enjoy incomes and educational levels that are higher than the American average.

Moreover, freedom in America is indivisible from the freedom to practice one's religion. That is why there is a mosque in every state in our union, and over 1200 mosques within our borders.  That's why the United States government has gone to court to protect the right of women and girls to wear the hijab -- and to punish those who would deny it.

So let there be no doubt -- let there be no doubt: Islam is a part of America. And I believe that America holds within her the truth that regardless of race, religion, or station in life, all of us share common aspirations -- to live in peace and security; to get an education and to work with dignity; to love our families, our communities, and our God. These things we share. This is the hope of all humanity.

Of course, recognizing our common humanity is only the beginning of our task. Words alone cannot meet the needs of our people. These needs will be met only if we act boldly in the years ahead, and if we understand that the challenges we face are shared and our failure to meet them will hurt us all.

For we have learned from recent experience that when a financial system weakens in one country, prosperity is hurt everywhere. When a new flu infects one human being, all are at risk.  When one nation pursues a nuclear weapon, the risk of nuclear attack rises for all nations.  When violent extremists operate in one stretch of mountains, people are endangered across an ocean. When innocents in Bosnia and Darfur are slaughtered, that is a stain on our collective conscience. That is what it means to share this world in the 21st century. That is the responsibility we have to one another as human beings.

And this is a difficult responsibility to embrace. For human history has often been a record of nations and tribes -- and, yes, religions -- subjugating one another in pursuit of their own interests. Yet in this new age, such attitudes are self-defeating. Given our interdependence, any world order that elevates one nation or group of people over another will inevitably fail. So whatever we think of the past, we must not be prisoners to it. Our problems must be dealt with through partnership; our progress must be shared. Now, that does not mean we should ignore sources of tension. Indeed, it suggests the opposite:  We must face these tensions squarely. And so in that spirit, let me speak as clearly and as plainly as I can about some specific issues that I believe we must finally confront together. 

The first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms.

In Ankara, I made clear that America is not -- and never will be -- at war with Islam. We will, however, relentlessly confront violent extremists who pose a grave threat to our security -- because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject: the killing of innocent men, women, and children. And it is my first duty as President to protect the American people.

The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates America's goals, and our need to work together. Over seven years ago, the United States pursued al Qaeda and the Taliban with broad international support. We did not go by choice; we went because of necessity. I'm aware that there's still some who would question or even justify the events of 9/11. But let us be clear: Al Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 people on that day. The victims were innocent men, women, and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody. And yet al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people, claimed credit for the attack, and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale. They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach. These are not opinions to be debated; these are facts to be dealt with.

Now, make no mistake: We do not want to keep our troops in Afghanistan. We see no military -- We seek no military bases there. It is agonizing for America to lose our young men and women.  It is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict. We would gladly bring every single one of our troops home if we could be confident that there were not violent extremists in Afghanistan and now Pakistan determined to kill as many Americans as they possibly can. But that is not yet the case.

And that's why we're partnering with a coalition of 46 countries. And despite the costs involved, America's commitment will not weaken. Indeed, none of us should tolerate these extremists.  They have killed in many countries. They have killed people of different faiths. But more than any other, they have killed Muslims. Their actions are irreconcilable with the rights of human beings, the progress of nations, and with Islam. The Qur’an teaches that whoever kills an innocent is as -- it is as if he has killed all mankind. And the Holy Qur’an also says whoever -- whoever saves a person, it is as if he has saved all mankind. The enduring faith of over a billion people is so much bigger than the narrow hatred of a few. Islam is not part of the problem in combating violent extremism -- it is an important part of promoting peace.

Now, we also know that military power alone is not going to solve the problems in Afghanistan and Pakistan. That's why we plan to invest 1.5 billion dollars each year over the next five years to partner with Pakistanis to build schools and hospitals, roads and businesses, and hundreds of millions to help those who've been displaced. That's why we are providing more than 2.8 billion dollars to help Afghans develop their economy and deliver services that people depend on.

Let me also address the issue of Iraq. Unlike Afghanistan, Iraq was a war of choice that provoked strong differences in my country and around the world. Although I believe that the Iraqi people are ultimately better off without the tyranny of Saddam Hussein, I also believe that events in Iraq have reminded America of the need to use diplomacy and build international consensus to resolve our problems whenever possible. Indeed, we can recall the words of Thomas Jefferson, who said: "I hope that our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us that the less we use our power the greater it will be."

Today, America has a dual responsibility: to help Iraq forge a better future; and to leave Iraq to Iraqis. And I have made it clear to the Iraqi people -- I have made it clear to the Iraqi people that we pursue no bases, and no claim on their territory or resources. Iraq's sovereignty is its own. And that's why I ordered the removal of our combat brigades by next August. That is why we will honor our agreement with Iraq's democratically elected government to remove combat troops from Iraqi cities by July, and to remove all of our troops from Iraq by 2012. We will help Iraq train its security forces and develop its economy. But we will support a secure and united Iraq as a partner, and never as a patron.

And finally, just as America can never tolerate violence by extremists, we must never alter or forget our principles. Nine-eleven was an enormous trauma to our country. The fear and anger that it provoked was understandable, but in some cases it led us to act contrary to our traditions and our ideals. We are taking concrete actions to change course. I have unequivocally prohibited the use of torture by the United States, and I have ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed by early next year. So America will defend itself, respectful of the sovereignty of nations and the rule of law. And we will do so in partnership with Muslim communities which are also threatened. The sooner the extremists are isolated and unwelcome in Muslim communities, the sooner we will all be safer.

The second major source of tension that we need to discuss is the situation between Israelis, Palestinians, and the Arab world.

America's strong bonds with Israel are well known. This bond is unbreakable. It is based upon cultural and historical ties, and the recognition that the aspiration for a Jewish homeland is rooted in a tragic history that cannot be denied.

Around the world, the Jewish people were persecuted for centuries, and anti-Semitism in Europe culminated in an unprecedented Holocaust. Tomorrow, I will visit Buchenwald, which was part of a network of camps where Jews were enslaved, tortured, shot, and gassed to death by the Third Reich. Six million Jews were killed -- more than the entire Jewish population of Israel today. Denying that fact is baseless; it is ignorant; and it is hateful. Threatening Israel with destruction, or repeating vile stereotypes about Jews, is deeply wrong and only serves to evoke in the minds of Israelis this most painful of memories while preventing the peace that the people of this region deserve.

On the other hand, it is also undeniable that the Palestinian people -- Muslims and Christians -- has suffered in pursuit of a homeland. For more than 60 years they've endured the pain of dislocation. Many wait in refugee camps in the West Bank, Gaza, and neighboring lands for a life of peace and security that they have never been able to lead. They endure the daily humiliations -- large and small -- that come with occupation. So let there be no doubt: The situation for the Palestinian people is intolerable. And America will not turn our backs on the legitimate Palestinian aspiration for dignity, opportunity, and a state of their own.

For decades then, there has been a stalemate: two peoples with legitimate aspirations, each with a painful history that makes compromise elusive. It's easy to point fingers -- for Palestinians to point to the displacement brought about by Israel's founding, and for Israelis to point to the constant hostility and attacks throughout its history from within its borders as well as beyond. But if we see this conflict only from one side or the other, then we will be blind to the truth: The only resolution is for the aspirations of both sides to be met through two states, where Israelis and Palestinians each live in peace and security.

That is in Israel's interest, Palestine's interest, America's interest, and the world's interest. And that is why I intend to personally pursue this outcome with all the patience and dedication that the task requires. The obligations -- The obligations that the parties have agreed to under the road map are clear. For peace to come, it is time for them -- and all of us -- to live up to our responsibilities.

Palestinians must abandon violence. Resistance through violence and killing is wrong and it does not succeed. For centuries, black people in America suffered the lash of the whip as slaves and the humiliation of segregation. But it was not violence that won full and equal rights. It was a peaceful and determined insistence upon the ideals at the center of America's founding. This same story can be told by people from South Africa to South Asia; from Eastern Europe to Indonesia. It's a story with a simple truth: Violence is a dead end. It is a sign neither of courage nor power to shoot rockets at sleeping children, or to blow up old women on a bus. That's not how moral authority is claimed; that's how it is surrendered.

Now is the time for Palestinians to focus on what they can build. The Palestinian Authority must develop its capacity to govern, with institutions that serve the needs of its peoples. Hamas does have support among some Palestinians, but they also have to recognize they have responsibilities. To play a role in fulfilling Palestinian aspirations, to unify the Palestinian people, Hamas must put an end to violence, recognize past agreements, recognize Israel's right to exist.

At the same time, Israelis must acknowledge that just as Israel's right to exist cannot be denied, neither can Palestine's. The United States does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements. This construction violates previous agreements and undermines efforts to achieve peace. It is time for these settlements to stop.

And Israel must also live up to its obligation to ensure that Palestinians can live and work and develop their society. Just as it devastates Palestinian families, the continuing humanitarian crisis in Gaza does not serve Israel's security; neither does the continuing lack of opportunity in the West Bank. Progress in the daily lives of the Palestinian people must be a critical part of a road to peace, and Israel must take concrete steps to enable such progress.

And finally, the Arab states must recognize that the Arab Peace Initiative was an important beginning, but not the end of their responsibilities. The Arab-Israeli conflict should no longer be used to distract the people of Arab nations from other problems. Instead, it must be a cause for action to help the Palestinian people develop the institutions that will sustain their state, to recognize Israel's legitimacy, and to choose progress over a self-defeating focus on the past.

America will align our policies with those who pursue peace, and we will say in public what we say in private to Israelis and Palestinians and Arabs. We cannot impose peace. But privately, many Muslims recognize that Israel will not go away. Likewise, many Israelis recognize the need for a Palestinian state. It is time for us to act on what everyone knows to be true.

Too many tears have been shed. Too much blood has been shed. All of us have a responsibility to work for the day when the mothers of Israelis and Palestinians can see their children grow up without fear; when the Holy Land of the three great faiths is the place of peace that God intended it to be; when Jerusalem is a secure and lasting home for Jews and Christians and Muslims, and a place for all of the children of Abraham to mingle peacefully together as in the story of Isra -- as in the story of Isra, when Moses, Jesus, and Mohammed, peace be upon them, joined in prayer.

The third source of tension is our shared interest in the rights and responsibilities of nations on nuclear weapons.

This issue has been a source of tension between the United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran. For many years, Iran has defined itself in part by its opposition to my country, and there is in fact a tumultuous history between us. In the middle of the Cold War, the United States played a role in the overthrow of a democratically elected Iranian government. Since the Islamic Revolution, Iran has played a role in acts of hostage-taking and violence against U.S. troops and civilians. This history is well known. Rather than remain trapped in the past, I've made it clear to Iran's leaders and people that my country is prepared to move forward. The question now is not what Iran is against, but rather what future it wants to build.

I recognize it will be hard to overcome decades of mistrust, but we will proceed with courage, rectitude, and resolve. There will be many issues to discuss between our two countries, and we are willing to move forward without preconditions on the basis of mutual respect. But it is clear to all concerned that when it comes to nuclear weapons, we have reached a decisive point. This is not simply about America's interests. It's about preventing a nuclear arms race in the Middle East that could lead this region and the world down a hugely dangerous path.

I understand those who protest that some countries have weapons that others do not. No single nation should pick and choose which nation holds nuclear weapons. And that's why I strongly reaffirmed America's commitment to seek a world in which no nations hold nuclear weapons.  And any nation -- including Iran -- should have the right to access peaceful nuclear power if it complies with its responsibilities under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. That commitment is at the core of the treaty, and it must be kept for all who fully abide by it. And I am hopeful that all countries in the region can share in this goal.

The fourth issue that I will address is democracy.

I know -- I know there has been controversy about the promotion of democracy in recent years, and much of this controversy is connected to the war in Iraq. So let me be clear: No system of government can or should be imposed by one nation by any other.

That does not lessen my commitment, however, to governments that reflect the will of the people. Each nation gives life to this principle in its own way, grounded in the traditions of its own people. America does not presume to know what is best for everyone, just as we would not presume to pick the outcome of a peaceful election. But I do have an unyielding belief that all people yearn for certain things: the ability to speak your mind and have a say in how you are governed; confidence in the rule of law and the equal administration of justice; government that is transparent and doesn't steal from the people; the freedom to live as you choose. These are not just American ideas; they are human rights. And that is why we will support them everywhere.

Now, there is no straight line to realize this promise. But this much is clear: Governments that protect these rights are ultimately more stable, successful, and secure. Suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away. America -- America respects the right of all peaceful and law-abiding voices to be heard around the world, even if we disagree with them. And we will welcome all elected, peaceful governments -- provided they govern with respect for all their people.

This last point is important because there are some who advocate for democracy only when they're out of power. Once in power, they are ruthless in suppressing the rights of others. So no matter where it takes hold, government of the people and by the people sets a single standard for all who would hold power: You must maintain your power through consent, not coercion; you must respect the rights of minorities, and participate with a spirit of tolerance and compromise; you must place the interests of your people and the legitimate workings of the political process above your party. Without these ingredients, elections alone do not make true democracy.

Thank you. The fifth issue that we must address together is religious freedom.

Islam has a proud tradition of tolerance. We see it in the history of Andalusia and Cordoba during the Inquisition. I saw it firsthand as a child in Indonesia, where devout Christians worshiped freely in an overwhelmingly Muslim country. That is the spirit we need today. People in every country should be free to choose and live their faith based upon the persuasion of the mind and the heart and the soul. This tolerance is essential for religion to thrive, but it's being challenged in many different ways.

Among some Muslims, there's a disturbing tendency to measure one's own faith by the rejection of somebody else's faith. The richness of religious diversity must be upheld -- whether it is for Maronites in Lebanon or the Copts in Egypt. And if we are being honest, fault lines must be closed among Muslims, as well, as the divisions between Sunni and Shia have led to tragic violence, particularly in Iraq.

Freedom of religion is central to the ability of peoples to live together. We must always examine the ways in which we protect it. For instance, in the United States, rules on charitable giving have made it harder for Muslims to fulfill their religious obligation. That's why I'm committed to working with American Muslims to ensure that they can fulfill zakat. Likewise, it is important for Western countries to avoid impeding Muslim citizens from practicing religion as they see fit -- for instance, by dictating what clothes a Muslim woman should wear.

We can't disguise hostility towards any religion behind the pretence of liberalism. 
  
In fact, faith should bring us together. And that's why we're forging service projects in America to bring together Christians, Muslims, and Jews. That's why we welcome efforts like Saudi Arabian King Abdullah's interfaith dialogue and Turkey's leadership in the Alliance of Civilizations. Around the world, we can turn dialogue into interfaith service, so bridges between peoples lead to action -- whether it is combating malaria in Africa, or providing relief after a natural disaster. 

The sixth issue -- The sixth issue that I want to address is women's rights.

I know --- I know -- and you can tell from this audience, that there is a healthy debate about this issue. I reject the view of some in the West that a woman who chooses to cover her hair is somehow less equal, but I do believe that a woman who is denied an education is denied equality. And it is no coincidence that countries where women are well educated are far more likely to be prosperous. Now, let me be clear: Issues of women's equality are by no means simply an issue for Islam. In Turkey, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia, we've seen Muslim-majority countries elect a woman to lead. Meanwhile, the struggle for women's equality continues in many aspects of American life, and in countries around the world.

I am convinced that our daughters can contribute just as much to society as our sons. Our common prosperity will be advanced by allowing all humanity -- men and women -- to reach their full potential. I do not believe that women must make the same choices as men in order to be equal, and I respect those women who choose to live their lives in traditional roles. But it should be their choice. And that is why the United States will partner with any Muslim-majority country to support expanded literacy for girls, and to help young women pursue employment through micro-financing that helps people live their dreams.

Finally, I want to discuss economic development and opportunity.

I know that for many, the face of globalization is contradictory. The Internet and television can bring knowledge and information, but also offensive sexuality and mindless violence into the home. Trade can bring new wealth and opportunities, but also huge disruptions and change in communities. In all nations -- including America -- this change can bring fear; fear that because of modernity we lose control over our economic choices, our politics, and most importantly our identities -- those things we most cherish about our communities, our families, our traditions, and our faith.

But I also know that human progress cannot be denied. There need not be contradictions between development and tradition. Countries like Japan and South Korea grew their economies enormously while maintaining distinct cultures. The same is true for the astonishing progress within Muslim-majority countries from Kuala Lumpur to Dubai. In ancient times and in our times, Muslim communities have been at the forefront of innovation and education.

And this is important because no development strategy can be based only upon what comes out of the ground, nor can it be sustained while young people are out of work. Many Gulf states have enjoyed great wealth as a consequence of oil, and some are beginning to focus it on broader development. But all of us must recognize that education and innovation will be the currency of the 21st century -- and in too -- and in too many Muslim communities, there remains underinvestment in these areas. I'm emphasizing such investment within my own country. And while America in the past has focused on oil and gas when it comes to this part of the world, we now seek a broader engagement.

On education, we will expand exchange programs, and increase scholarships, like the one that brought my father to America. At the same time, we will encourage more Americans to study in Muslim communities. And we will match promising Muslim students with internships in America, invest in online learning for teachers and children around the world, and create a new online network, so a young person in Kansas can communicate instantly with a young person in Cairo.

On economic development, we will create a new corps of business volunteers to partner with counterparts in Muslim-majority countries. And I will host a summit on entrepreneurship this year to identify how we can deepen ties between business leaders, foundations, and social entrepreneurs in the United States and Muslim communities around the world.

On science and technology, we will launch a new fund to support technological development in Muslim-majority countries, and to help transfer ideas to -- to the marketplace so they can create more jobs. We'll open centers of scientific excellence in Africa, the Middle East and Southeast Asia, and appoint new science envoys to collaborate on programs that develop new sources of energy, create green jobs, digitize records, clean water, grow new crops. Today I'm announcing a new global effort with the Organization of the Islamic Conference to eradicate polio. And we will also expand partnerships with Muslim communities to promote child and maternal health.

All these things must be done in partnership. Americans are ready to join with citizens and governments; community organizations, religious leaders, and businesses in Muslim communities around the world to help our people pursue a better life.

Now the issues that I have described will not be easy to address. But we have a responsibility to join together on behalf of the world that we seek -- a world where extremists no longer threaten our people, and American troops have come home; a world where Israelis and Palestinians are each secure in a state of their own, and nuclear energy is used for peaceful purposes; a world where governments serve their citizens, and the rights of all God's children are respected. Those are mutual interests. That is the world we seek. But we can only achieve it together.

I know there are many, Muslim and non-Muslim, who question whether we can forge this new beginning. Some are eager to stoke the flames of division, and to stand in the way of progress.  Some suggest that it isn't worth the effort -- that we are fated to disagree, and civilizations are doomed to clash. Many more are simply skeptical that real change can occur. There's so much fear, so much mistrust that has built up over the years. But if we choose to be bound by the past, we will never move forward.

And I want to particularly say this to young people of every faith, in every country: You, more than anyone, have the ability to reimagine the world, to remake this world. All of us share this world for but a brief moment in time. The question is whether we spend that time focused on what pushes us apart, or whether we commit ourselves to an effort -- a sustained effort -- to find common ground, to focus on the future we seek for our children, and to respect the dignity of all human beings.

It's easier to start wars than to end them. It's easier to blame others than to look inward. It's easier to see what is different about someone than to find the things we share. But we should choose the right path, not just the easy path. There's one rule that lies at the heart of every religion -- that we do unto others as we would have them do unto us. This truth transcends nations and peoples -- a belief that isn't new; that isn't black or white or brown; that isn't Christian or Muslim or Jew. It's a belief that pulsed in the cradle of civilization, and that still beats in the hearts of billions around the world. It's a faith in other people, and it's what brought me here today.

We have the power to make the world we seek, but only if we have the courage to make a new beginning, keeping in mind what has been written.

The Holy Qur’an tells us: "O mankind! We have created you male and a female; and we have made you into nations and tribes so that you may know one another."

The Talmud tells us: "The whole of the Torah is for the purpose of promoting peace."

The Holy Bible tells us: "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called sons of God." 

The people of the world can live together in peace. We know that is God's vision. Now that must be our work here on Earth.

Thank you. And may God's peace be upon you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Chancellor Merkel and I have just finished our tour here at Buchenwald. I want to thank Dr. Volkhard Knigge, who gave an outstanding account of what we were witnessing. I am particularly grateful to be accompanied by my friend Elie Wiesel, as well as Mr. Bertrand Herz, both of whom are survivors of this place.

We saw the area known as Little Camp where Elie and Bertrand were sent as boys. In fact, at the place that commemorates this camp, there is a photograph in which we can see a 16-year-old Elie in one of the bunks along with the others. We saw the ovens of the crematorium, the guard towers, the barbed wire fences, the foundations of barracks that once held people in the most unimaginable conditions.

We saw the memorial to all the survivors -- a steel plate, as Chancellor Merkel said, that is heated to 37 degrees Celsius, the temperature of the human body; a reminder -- where people were deemed inhuman because of their differences -- of the mark that we all share.

Now these sights have not lost their horror with the passage of time. As we were walking up, Elie said, "if these trees could talk." And there's a certain irony about the beauty of the landscape and the horror that took place here.

More than half a century later, our grief and our outrage over what happened have not diminished. I will not forget what I've seen here today.

I've known about this place since I was a boy, hearing stories about my great uncle, who was a very young man serving in World War II. He was part of the 89th Infantry Division, the first Americans to reach a concentration camp. They liberated Ohrdruf, one of Buchenwald's sub-camps.

And I told this story, he returned from his service in a state of shock saying little and isolating himself for months on end from family and friends, alone with the painful memories that would not leave his head. And as we see -- as we saw some of the images here, it's understandable that someone who witnessed what had taken place here would be in a state of shock.

My great uncle's commander, General Eisenhower, understood this impulse to silence. He had seen the piles of bodies and starving survivors and deplorable conditions that the American soldiers found when they arrived, and he knew that those who witnessed these things might be too stunned to speak about them or be able -- be unable to find the words to describe them; that they might be rendered mute in the way my great uncle had. And he knew that what had happened here was so unthinkable that after the bodies had been taken away, that perhaps no one would believe it.

And that's why he ordered American troops and Germans from the nearby town to tour the camp. He invited congressmen and journalists to bear witness and ordered photographs and films to be made. And he insisted on viewing every corner of these camps so that -- and I quote -- he could "be in a position to give first-hand evidence of these things if ever in the future there develops a tendency to charge these allegations merely to propaganda."

We are here today because we know this work is not yet finished. To this day, there are those who insist that the Holocaust never happened -- a denial of fact and truth that is baseless and ignorant and hateful. This place is the ultimate rebuke to such thoughts; a reminder of our duty to confront those who would tell lies about our history.

Also to this day, there are those who perpetuate every form of intolerance -- racism, anti-Semitism, homophobia, xenophobia, sexism, and more -- hatred that degrades its victims and diminishes us all. In this century, we've seen genocide. We've seen mass graves and the ashes of villages burned to the ground; children used as soldiers and rape used as a weapon of war. This places teaches us that we must be ever vigilant about the spread of evil in our own time, that we must reject the false comfort that others' suffering is not our problem and commit ourselves to resisting those who would subjugate others to serve their own interests.

But as we reflect today on the human capacity for evil and our shared obligation to defy it, we're also reminded of the human capacity for good. For amidst the countless acts of cruelty that took place here, we know that there were many acts of courage and kindness, as well. The Jews who insisted on fasting on Yom Kippur. The camp cook who hid potatoes in the lining of his prison uniform and distributed them to his fellow inmates, risking his own life to help save theirs. The prisoners who organized a special effort to protect the children here, sheltering them from work and giving them extra food. They set up secret classrooms, some of the inmates, and taught history and math and urged the children to think about their future professions. And we were just hearing about the resistance that formed and the irony that the base for the resistance was in the latrine areas because the guards found it so offensive that they wouldn't go there. And so out of the filth, that became a space in which small freedoms could thrive.

When the American GIs arrived they were astonished to find more than 900 children still alive, and the youngest was just three years old. And I'm told that a couple of the prisoners even wrote a Buchenwald song that many here sang. Among the lyrics were these: "...whatever our fate, we will say yes to life, for the day will come when we are free...in our blood we carry the will to live and in our hearts, in our hearts -- faith."

These individuals never could have known the world would one day speak of this place. They could not have known that some of them would live to have children and grandchildren who would grow up hearing their stories and would return here so many years later to find a museum and memorials and the clock tower set permanently to 3:15, the moment of liberation.

They could not have known how the nation of Israel would rise out of the destruction of the Holocaust and the strong, enduring bonds between that great nation and my own. And they could not have known that one day an American President would visit this place and speak of them and that he would do so standing side by side with the German Chancellor in a Germany that is now a vibrant democracy and a valued American ally.

They could not have known these things. But still surrounded by death they willed themselves to hold fast to life. In their hearts they still had faith that evil would not triumph in the end, that while history is unknowable it arches towards progress, and that the world would one day remember them. And it is now up to us, the living, in our work, wherever we are, to resist injustice and intolerance and indifference in whatever forms they may take, and ensure that those who were lost here did not go in vain. It is up to us to redeem that faith. It is up to us to bear witness; to ensure that the world continues to note what happened here; to remember all those who survived and all those who perished, and to remember them not just as victims, but also as individuals who hoped and loved and dreamed just like us.

And just as we identify with the victims, it's also important for us I think to remember that the perpetrators of such evil were human, as well, and that we have to guard against cruelty in ourselves. And I want to express particular thanks to Chancellor Merkel and the German people, because it's not easy to look into the past in this way and acknowledge it and make something of it, make a determination that they will stand guard against acts like this happening again.

Rather than have me end with my remarks I thought it was appropriate to have Elie Wiesel provide some reflection and some thought as he returns here so many years later to the place where his father died.

Good afternoon.  Thank you, President Sarkozy, Prime Minister Brown, Prime Minister Harper, and Prince Charles for being here today.  Thank you to our Secretary of Veterans Affairs, General Eric Shinseki, for making the trip out here to join us.  Thanks also to Susan Eisenhower, whose grandfather began this mission 65 years ago with a simple charge: "Ok, let's go."  And to a World War II veteran who returned home from this war to serve a proud and distinguished career as a United States Senator and a national leader:  Bob Dole.

I'm not the first American President to come and mark this anniversary, and I likely will not be the last.  This is an event that has long brought to this coast both heads of state and grateful citizens; veterans and their loved ones; the liberated and their liberators.  It's been written about and spoken of and depicted in countless books and films and speeches.  And long after our time on this Earth has passed, one word will still bring forth the pride and awe of men and women who will never meet the heroes who sit before us:  D-Day.

Why is this?  Of all the battles in all the wars across the span of human history, why does this day hold such a revered place in our memory?  What is it about the struggle that took place on the sands a few short steps from here that brings us back to remember year after year after year?

Part of it, I think, is the size of the odds that weighed against success.  For three centuries, no invader had ever been able to cross the English Channel into Normandy.  And it had never been more difficult than in 1944.

That was the year that Hitler ordered his top field marshal to fortify the Atlantic Wall against a seaborne invasion.  From the tip of Norway to southern France, the Nazis lined steep cliffs with machine guns and artillery.  Low-lying areas were flooded to block passage.  Sharpened poles awaited paratroopers.  Mines were laid on the beaches and beneath the water.  And by the time of the invasion, half a million Germans waited for the Allies along the coast between Holland and northern France.

At dawn on June 6th, the Allies came.  The best chance for victory had been for the British Royal Air Corps to take out the guns on the cliffs while airborne divisions parachuted behind enemy lines.  But all did not go according to plan.  Paratroopers landed miles from their mark, while the fog and clouds prevented Allied planes from destroying the guns on the cliffs.  So when the ships landed here at Omaha, an unimaginable hell rained down on the men inside.  Many never made it out of the boats.

And yet, despite all of this, one by one, the Allied forces made their way to shore -- here, and at Utah and Juno; Gold and Sword.  They were American, British, and Canadian.  Soon, the paratroopers found each other and fought their way back.  The Rangers scaled the cliffs.  And by the end of the day, against all odds, the ground on which we stand was free once more.

The sheer improbability of this victory is part of what makes D-Day so memorable.  It also arises from the clarity of purpose with which this war was waged.

We live in a world of competing beliefs and claims about what is true.  It's a world of varied religions and cultures and forms of government.  In such a world, it's all too rare for a struggle to emerge that speaks to something universal about humanity.

The Second World War did that.  No man who shed blood or lost a brother would say that war is good.  But all know that this war was essential.  For what we faced in Nazi totalitarianism was not just a battle of competing interests.  It was a competing vision of humanity.  Nazi ideology sought to subjugate and humiliate and exterminate.  It perpetrated murder on a massive scale, fueled by a hatred of those who were deemed different and therefore inferior.  It was evil.

The nations that joined together to defeat Hitler's Reich were not perfect.  They had made their share of mistakes, had not always agreed with one another on every issue.  But whatever God we prayed to, whatever our differences, we knew that the evil we faced had to be stopped.  Citizens of all faiths and of no faith came to believe that we could not remain as bystanders to the savage perpetration of death and destruction.  And so we joined and sent our sons to fight and often die so that men and women they never met might know what it is to be free.

In America, it was an endeavor that inspired a nation to action.  A President who asked his country to pray on D-Day also asked its citizens to serve and sacrifice to make the invasion possible.  On farms and in factories, millions of men and women worked three shifts a day, month after month, year after year.  Trucks and tanks came from plants in Michigan and Indiana, New York and Illinois.  Bombers and fighter planes rolled off assembly lines in Ohio and Kansas, where my grandmother did her part as an inspector.  Shipyards on both coasts produced the largest fleet in history, including the landing craft from New Orleans that eventually made it here to Omaha.

But despite all the years of planning and preparation, despite the inspiration of our leaders, the skill of our generals, the strength of our firepower and the unyielding support from our home front, the outcome of the entire struggle would ultimately rest on the success of one day in June.

Lyndon Johnson once said that there are certain moments when "¼history and fate meet at a single time in a single place to shape a turning point in man's unending search for freedom."

D-Day was such a moment.  One newspaper noted that "we have come to the hour for which we were born."  Had the Allies failed here, Hitler's occupation of this continent might have continued indefinitely.  Instead, victory here secured a foothold in France.  It opened a path to Berlin.  It made possible the achievements that followed the liberation of Europe:  the Marshall Plan, the NATO alliance, the shared prosperity and security that flowed from each.

It was unknowable then, but so much of the progress that would define the 20th century, on both sides of the Atlantic, came down to the battle for a slice of beach only six miles long and two miles wide.

More particularly, it came down to the men who landed here -- those who now rest in this place for eternity, and those who are with us here today.  Perhaps more than any other reason, you, the veterans of that landing, are why we still remember what happened on D-Day.  You're why we keep coming back.

For you remind us that in the end, human destiny is not determined by forces beyond our control.  You remind us that our future is not shaped by mere chance or circumstance.  Our history has always been the sum total of the choices made and the actions taken by each individual man and woman.  It has always been up to us.

You could have done what Hitler believed you would do when you arrived here.  In the face of a merciless assault from these cliffs, you could have idled the boats offshore.  Amid a barrage of tracer bullets that lit the night sky, you could have stayed in those planes.  You could have hid in the hedgerows or waited behind the seawall.  You could have done only what was necessary to ensure your own survival.

But that's not what you did.  That's not the story you told on D-Day.  Your story was written by men like Zane Schlemmer of the 82nd Airborne, who parachuted into a dark marsh, far from his objective and his men.  Lost and alone, he still managed to fight his way through the gunfire and help liberate the town in which he landed -- a town where a street now bears his name.

It's a story written by men like Anthony Ruggiero, an Army Ranger who saw half the men on his landing craft drown when it was hit by shellfire just a thousand yards off this beach.  He spent three hours in freezing water, and was one of only 90 Rangers to survive out of the 225 who were sent to scale the cliffs.

And it's a story written by so many who are no longer with us, like Carlton Barrett.  Private Barrett was only supposed to serve as a guide for the 1st Infantry Division, but he instead became one of its heroes.  After wading ashore in neck-deep water, he returned to the water again and again and again to save his wounded and drowning comrades.  And under the heaviest possible enemy fire, he carried them to safety.  He carried them in his own arms.

This is the story of the Allied victory.  It's the legend of units like Easy Company and the All-American 82nd.  It's the tale of the British people, whose courage during the Blitz forced Hitler to call off the invasion of England; the Canadians, who came even though they were never attacked; the Russians, who sustained some of the war's heaviest casualties on the Eastern front; and all those French men and women who would rather have died resisting tyranny than lived within its grasp.

It is the memories that have been passed on to so many of us about the service or sacrifice of a friend or relative.  For me, it is my grandfather, Stanley Dunham, who arrived on this beach six weeks after D-Day and marched across Europe in Patton's Army.  And it is my great uncle who was part of the first American division to reach and liberate a Nazi concentration camp.  His name is Charles Payne, and I'm so proud that he's with us here today.

I know this trip doesn't get any easier as the years pass, but for those of you who make it, there's nothing that could keep you away.  One such veteran, a man named Jim Norene, was a member of the 502nd Parachute Infantry Division of the 101st Airborne.  Last night, after visiting this cemetery for one last time, he passed away in his sleep.  Jim was gravely ill when he left his home, and he knew that he might not return.  But just as he did 65 years ago, he came anyway.  May he now rest in peace with the boys he once bled with, and may his family always find solace in the heroism he showed here.

In the end, Jim Norene came back to Normandy for the same reason we all come back.  He came for the reason articulated by Howard Huebner, another former paratrooper who is here with us today.  When asked why he made the trip, Howard said, "It's important that we tell our stories.  It doesn't have to be something big¼just a little story about what happened -- so people don't forget."

So people don't forget.

Friends and veterans, we cannot forget.  What we must not forget is that D-Day was a time and a place where the bravery and the selflessness of a few was able to change the course of an entire century.  At an hour of maximum danger, amid the bleakest of circumstances, men who thought themselves ordinary found within themselves the ability to do something extraordinary.  They fought for their moms and sweethearts back home, for the fellow warriors they came to know as brothers.  And they fought out of a simple sense of duty -- a duty sustained by the same ideals for which their countrymen had once fought and bled for over two centuries.

That is the story of Normandy -- but also the story of America; of the Minutemen who gathered on a green in Lexington; of the Union boys from Maine who repelled a charge at Gettysburg; of the men who gave their last full measure of devotion at Inchon and Khe San; of all the young men and women whose valor and goodness still carry forward this legacy of service and sacrifice.  It's a story that has never come easy, but one that always gives us hope.  For as we face down the hardships and struggles of our time, and arrive at that hour for which we were born, we cannot help but draw strength from those moments in history when the best among us were somehow able to swallow their fears and secure a beachhead on an unforgiving shore.

To those men who achieved that victory 65 years ago, we thank you for your service.

May God bless you, and may God bless the memory of all those who rest here.

Thank you so much. Please, everybody, be seated. Thank you very much. You're very kind. Thank you.

Let me begin by thanking Nancy for the wonderful introduction. I want to thank Dr. Joseph Heyman, the chair of the Board of Trustees, as well as Dr. Jeremy Lazarus, speaker of House of Delegates. Thanks to all of you for bringing me home, even if it's just for a day.

From the moment I took office as President, the central challenge we've confronted as a nation has been the need to lift ourselves out of the worst recession since World War II. In recent months, we've taken a series of extraordinary steps, not just to repair the immediate damage to our economy, but to build a new foundation for lasting and sustained growth. We're here to create new jobs, to unfreeze our credit markets. We're stemming the loss of homes and the decline of home values.

All this is important. But even as we've made progress, we know that the road to prosperity remains long and it remains difficult. And we also know that one essential step on our journey is to control the spiraling cost of health care in America. And in order to do that, we're going to need the help of the AMA.

Today, we are spending over $2 trillion a year on health care -- almost 50 percent more per person than the next most costly nation. And yet, as I think many of you are aware, for all of this spending, more of our citizens are uninsured, the quality of our care is often lower, and we aren't any healthier. In fact, citizens in some countries that spend substantially less than we do are actually living longer than we do.

Make no mistake: The cost of our health care is a threat to our economy. It's an escalating burden on our families and businesses. It's a ticking time bomb for the federal budget. And it is unsustainable for the United States of America.

It's unsustainable for Americans like Laura Klitzka, a young mother that I met in Wisconsin just last week, who's learned that the breast cancer she thought she'd beaten had spread to her bones, but who's now being forced to spend time worrying about how to cover the $50,000 in medical debts she's already accumulated, worried about future debts that she's going to accumulate, when all she wants to do is spend time with her two children and focus on getting well. These are not the worries that a woman like Laura should have to face in a nation as wealthy as ours.

Stories like Laura's are being told by women and men all across this country -- by families who've seen out-of-pocket costs soar, and premiums double over the last decade at a rate three times faster than wages. This is forcing Americans of all ages to go without the checkups or the prescriptions they need -- that you know they need. It's creating a situation where a single illness can wipe out a lifetime of savings.

Our costly health care system is unsustainable for doctors like Michael Kahn in New Hampshire, who, as he puts it, spends 20 percent of each day supervising a staff explaining insurance problems to patients, completing authorization forms, writing appeal letters -- a routine that he calls disruptive and distracting, giving him less time to do what he became a doctor to do and actually care for his patients.

Small business owners like Chris and Becky Link in Nashville are also struggling. They've always wanted to do right by the workers at their family-run marketing firm, but they've recently had to do the unthinkable and lay off a number of employees -- layoffs that could have been deferred, they say, if health care costs weren't so high. Across the country, over one-third of small businesses have reduced benefits in recent years and one-third have dropped their workers' coverage altogether since the early '90s.

Our largest companies are suffering, as well. A big part of what led General Motors and Chrysler into trouble in recent decades were the huge costs they racked up providing health care for their workers -- costs that made them less profitable and less competitive with automakers around the world. If we do not fix our health care system, America may go the way of GM -- paying more, getting less, and going broke.

When it comes to the cost of our health care, then, the status quo is unsustainable. So reform is not a luxury; it is a necessity. When I hear people say, well, why are you taking this on right now, you've got all these other problems, I keep on reminding people I'd love to be able to defer these issues, but we can't. I know there's been much discussion about what reform would cost, and rightly so. This is a test of whether we -- Democrats and Republicans alike -- are serious about holding the line on new spending and restoring fiscal discipline.

But let there be no doubt -- the cost of inaction is greater. If we fail to act -- if we fail to act -- and you know this because you see it in your own individual practices -- if we fail to act, premiums will climb higher, benefits will erode further, the rolls of the uninsured will swell to include millions more Americans -- all of which will affect your practice.

If we fail to act, one out of every five dollars we earn will be spent on health care within a decade. And in 30 years, it will be about one out of every three -- a trend that will mean lost jobs, lower take-home pay, shuttered businesses, and a lower standard of living for all Americans.

And if we fail to act, federal spending on Medicaid and Medicare will grow over the coming decades by an amount almost equal to the amount our government currently spends on our nation's defense. It will, in fact, eventually grow larger than what our government spends on anything else today. It's a scenario that will swamp our federal and state budgets, and impose a vicious choice of either unprecedented tax hikes, or overwhelming deficits, or drastic cuts in our federal and state budgets.

So to say it as plainly as I can, health care is the single most important thing we can do for America's long-term fiscal health. That is a fact. That's a fact.

It's a fact, and the truth is most people know that it's a fact. And yet, as clear as it is that our system badly needs reform, reform is not inevitable. There's a sense out there among some, and perhaps some members who are gathered here today of the AMA, that as bad as our current system may be -- and it's pretty bad -- the devil we know is better than the devil we don't. There's a fear of change -- a worry that we may lose what works about our health care system while trying to fix what doesn't.

I'm here to tell you I understand that fear. And I understand the cynicism. They're scars left over from past efforts at reform. After all, Presidents have called for health care reform for nearly a century. Teddy Roosevelt called for it. Harry Truman called for it. Richard Nixon called for it. Jimmy Carter called for it. Bill Clinton called for it. But while significant individual reforms have been made -- such as Medicare, Medicaid, and the Children's Health Insurance Program -- efforts at comprehensive reform that covers everyone and brings down costs have largely failed.

Part of the reason is because the different groups involved -- doctors, insurance companies, businesses, workers, and others -- simply couldn't agree on the need for reform or what shape it would take. And if we're honest, another part of the reason has been the fierce opposition fueled by some interest groups and lobbyists -- opposition that has used fear tactics to paint any effort to achieve reform as an attempt to, yes, socialize medicine.

And despite this long history of failure, I'm standing here because I think we're in a different time. One sign that things are different is that just this past week, the Senate passed a bill that will protect children from the dangers of smoking, a reform the AMA has long championed -- this organization long championed; it went nowhere when it was proposed a decade ago -- I'm going to sign this into law.

Now, what makes this moment different is that this time -- for the first time -- key stakeholders are aligning not against, but in favor of reform. They're coming out -- they're coming together out of a recognition that while reform will take everyone in our health care community to do their part -- everybody is going to have to pitch in -- ultimately, everybody will benefit.

And I want to commend the AMA, in particular, for offering to do your part to curb costs and achieve reform. Just a week ago, you joined together with hospitals, labor unions, insurers, medical device manufacturers and drug companies to do something that would have been unthinkable just a few years ago -- you promised to work together to cut national health care spending by $2 trillion over the next decade, relative to what it would have otherwise been. And that will bring down costs; that will bring down premiums. That's exactly the kind of cooperation we need, and we appreciate that very much. Thank you.

Now, the question is how do we finish the job? How do we permanently bring down costs and make quality, affordable health care available to every single American? That's what I've come to talk about today. We know the moment is right for health care reform. We know this is a historic opportunity we've never seen before and may not see again. But we also know that there are those who will try and scuttle this opportunity no matter what -- who will use the same scare tactics and fear-mongering that's worked in the past; who will give warnings about socialized medicine and government takeovers, long lines and rationed care, decisions made by bureaucrats and not doctors. We have heard this all before. And because these fear tactics have worked, things have kept getting worse.

So let me begin by saying this to you and to the American people: I know that there are millions of Americans who are content with their health care coverage -- they like their plan and, most importantly, they value their relationship with their doctor. They trust you. And that means that no matter how we reform health care, we will keep this promise to the American people: If you like your doctor, you will be able to keep your doctor, period. If you like your health care plan, you'll be able to keep your health care plan, period. No one will take it away, no matter what. My view is that health care reform should be guided by a simple principle: Fix what's broken and build on what works. And that's what we intend to do.

If we do that, we can build a health care system that allows you to be physicians instead of administrators and accountants; a system that gives Americans -- a system that gives Americans the best care at the lowest cost; a system that eases up the pressure on businesses and unleashes the promise of our economy, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs, making take-home wages thousands of dollars higher, and growing our economy by tens of billions of dollars more every year. That's how we'll stop spending tax dollars to prop up an unsustainable system, and start investing those dollars in innovations and advances that will make our health care system and our economy stronger.

That's what we can do with this opportunity. And that's what we must do with this moment.

Now, the good news is that in some instances, there's already widespread agreement on the steps necessary to make our health care system work better.

First, we need to upgrade our medical records by switching from a paper to an electronic system of record keeping. And we've already begun to do this with an investment we made as part of our Recovery Act.

It simply doesn't make sense that patients in the 21st century are still filling out forms with pens on papers that have to be stored away somewhere. As Newt Gingrich has rightly pointed out -- and I don't quote Newt Gingrich that often -- we do a better job tracking a FedEx package in this country than we do tracking patients' health records.

You shouldn't have to tell every new doctor you see about your medical history or what prescriptions you're taking. You shouldn't have to repeat costly tests. All that information should be stored securely in a private medical record so that your information can be tracked from one doctor to another -- even if you change jobs, even if you move, even if you have to see a number of different specialists. That's just common sense.

And that will not only mean less paper-pushing and lower administrative costs, saving taxpayers billions of dollars; it will also mean all of you physicians will have an easier time doing your jobs. It will tell you, the doctors, what drugs a patient is taking so you can avoid prescribing a medication that could cause a harmful interaction. It will prevent the wrong dosages from going to a patient. It will reduce medical errors, it's estimated, that lead to 100,000 lives lost unnecessarily in our hospitals every year.

So there shouldn't be an argument there. And we want to make sure that we're helping providers computerize so that we can get this system up and running.

The second step that we can all agree on is to invest more in preventive care so we can avoid illness and disease in the first place. That starts with each of us taking more responsibility for our health and for the health of our children. It means quitting smoking. It means going in for that mammogram or colon cancer screening. It means going for a run or hitting the gym, and raising our children to step away from the video games and spend more time playing outside.

It also means cutting down on all the junk food that's fueling an epidemic of obesity -- which puts far too many Americans, young and old, at greater risk of costly, chronic conditions. That's a lesson Michelle and I have tried to instill in our daughters. As some of you know, we started a White House vegetable garden. I say "we" generously, because Michelle has done most of the work. That's a lesson that we should work with local school districts to incorporate into their school lunch programs.

Building a health care system that promotes prevention rather than just managing diseases will require all of us to do our parts. It will take doctors telling us what risk factors we should avoid and what preventive measures we should pursue. It will take employers following the example of places like Safeway that is rewarding workers for taking better care of their health while reducing health care costs in the process.

If you're one of three-quarters of Safeway workers enrolled in their "Healthy Measures" program, you can get screened for problems like high cholesterol or high blood pressure. And if you score well, you can pay lower premiums; you get more money in your paycheck. It's a program that has helped Safeway cut health care spending by 13 percent, and workers save over 20 percent on their premiums. And we're open to doing more to help employers adopt and expand programs like this one.

Our federal government also has to step up its efforts to advance the cause of healthy living. Five of the costliest illnesses and conditions -- cancer, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, lung disease, and strokes -- can be prevented. And yet only a fraction of every health care dollar goes to prevention or public health. And that's starting to change with an investment we're making in prevention and wellness programs that can help us avoid disease that harm our health and the health of our economy.

But as important as they are, investments in electronic records and preventive care, all the things that I've just mentioned, they're just preliminary steps. They will only make a dent in the epidemic of rising costs in this country.

Despite what some have suggested, the reason we have these spiraling costs is not simply because we've got an aging population; demographics do account for part of rising costs because older, sicker societies pay more on health care than younger, healthier ones, and there's nothing intrinsically wrong in us taking better care of ourselves. But what accounts for the bulk of our costs is the nature of our health care delivery system itself -- a system where we spend vast amounts of money on things that aren't necessarily making our people any healthier; a system that automatically equates more expensive care with better care.

Now, a recent article in the New Yorker, for example, showed how McAllen, Texas, is spending twice as much as El Paso County -- twice as much -- not because people in McAllen, Texas, are sicker than they are in El Paso; not because they're getting better care or getting better outcomes. It's simply because they're using more treatments -- treatments that, in some cases, they don't really need; treatments that, in some cases, can actually do people harm by raising the risk of infection or medical error.

And the problem is this pattern is repeating itself across America. One Dartmouth study shows that you're less likely -- you're no less likely to die from a heart attack and other ailments in a higher-spending area than in a lower-spending one.

There are two main reasons for this. The first is a system of incentives where the more tests and services are provided, the more money we pay. And a lot of people in this room know what I'm talking about. It's a model that rewards the quantity of care rather than the quality of care; that pushes you, the doctor, to see more and more patients even if you can't spend much time with each, and gives you every incentive to order that extra MRI or EKG, even if it's not necessary. It's a model that has taken the pursuit of medicine from a profession -- a calling -- to a business.

That's not why you became doctors. That's not why you put in all those hours in the Anatomy Suite or the O.R. That's not what brings you back to a patient's bedside to check in, or makes you call a loved one of a patient to say it will be fine. You didn't enter this profession to be bean-counters and paper-pushers. You entered this profession to be healers. And that's what our health care system should let you be. That's what this health care system should let you be.

Now, that starts with reforming the way we compensate our providers -- doctors and hospitals. We need to bundle payments so you aren't paid for every single treatment you offer a patient with a chronic condition like diabetes, but instead paid well for how you treat the overall disease. We need to create incentives for physicians to team up, because we know that when that happens, it results in a healthier patient. We need to give doctors bonuses for good health outcomes, so we're not promoting just more treatment, but better care.

And we need to rethink the cost of a medical education, and do more to reward medical students who choose a career as a primary care physician -- who choose to work in underserved areas instead of the more lucrative paths. That's why we're making a substantial investment in the National Health Service Corps that will make medical training more affordable for primary care doctors and nurse practitioners so they aren't drowning in debt when they enter the workforce. Somebody back there is drowning in debt.

The second structural reform we need to make is to improve the quality of medical information making its way to doctors and patients. We have the best medical schools, the most sophisticated labs, the most advanced training of any nation on the globe. Yet we're not doing a very good job harnessing our collective knowledge and experience on behalf of better medicine.

Less than 1 percent of our health care spending goes to examining what treatments are most effective -- less than 1 percent. And even when that information finds its way into journals, it can take up to 17 years to find its way to an exam room or operating table. As a result, too many doctors and patients are making decisions without the benefit of the latest research.

A recent study, for example, found that only half of all cardiac guidelines are based on scientific evidence -- half. That means doctors may be doing a bypass operation when placing a stent is equally effective; or placing a stent when adjusting a patient's drug and medical management is equally effective -- all of which drives up costs without improving a patient's health.

So one thing we need to do is to figure out what works, and encourage rapid implementation of what works into your practices. That's why we're making a major investment in research to identify the best treatments for a variety of ailments and conditions.

Now, let me be clear -- I just want to clear something up here -- identifying what works is not about dictating what kind of care should be provided. It's about providing patients and doctors with the information they need to make the best medical decisions. See, I have the assumption that if you have good information about what makes your patients well, that's what you're going to do. I have confidence in that. We're not going to need to force you to do it. We just need to make sure you've got the best information available.

Still, even when we do know what works, we are often not making the most of it. And that's why we need to build on the examples of outstanding medicine at places like the Cincinnati Children's Hospital, where the quality of care for cystic fibrosis patients shot up after the hospital began incorporating suggestions from parents. And places like Tallahassee Memorial Health Care, where deaths were dramatically reduced with rapid response teams that monitored patients' conditions, and "multidisciplinary rounds" with everyone from physicians to pharmacists. And places like Geisinger Health System in rural Pennsylvania, and Intermountain Health in Salt Lake City, where high-quality care is being provided at a cost well below the national average. These are all islands of excellence that we need to make the standard in our health care system.

So replicating best practices, incentivizing excellence, closing cost disparities -- any legislation sent to my desk that does not these -- does not achieve these goals in my mind does not earn the title of reform.

But my signature on a bill is not enough. I need your help, doctors, because to most Americans you are the health care system. The fact is Americans -- and I include myself and Michelle and our kids in this -- we just do what you tell us to do. That's what we do. We listen to you, we trust you. And that's why I will listen to you and work with you to pursue reform that works for you.

Together, if we take all these steps, I am convinced we can bring spending down, bring quality up; we can save hundreds of billions of dollars on health care costs while making our health care system work better for patients and doctors alike. And when we align the interests of patients and doctors, then we're going to be in a good place.

Now, I recognize that it will be hard to make some of these changes if doctors feel like they're constantly looking over their shoulders for fear of lawsuits. I recognize that. Don't get too excited yet. Now, I understand some doctors may feel the need to order more tests and treatments to avoid being legally vulnerable. That's a real issue. Now, just hold on to your horses here, guys. I want to be honest with you. I'm not advocating caps on malpractice awards -- which I personally believe can be unfair to people who've been wrongfully harmed.

But I do think we need to explore a range of ideas about how to put patient safety first; how to let doctors focus on practicing medicine; how to encourage broader use of evidence-based guidelines. I want to work with the AMA so we can scale back the excessive defensive medicine that reinforces our current system, and shift to a system where we are providing better care, simply -- rather than simply more treatment.

So this is going to be a priority for me. And I know, based on your responses, it's a priority for you. And I look forward to working with you. And it's going to be difficult. But all this stuff is going to be difficult. All of it's going to be important.

Now, I know this has been a long speech, but we got more to do. The changes that I have already spoken about, all that is going to need to go hand-in-hand with other reforms. Because our health care system is so complex and medicine is always evolving, we need a way to continually evaluate how we can eliminate waste, reduce costs, and improve quality.

That's why I'm open to expanding the role of a commission created by a Republican Congress called the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, which happens to include a number of physicians on the commission. In recent years, this commission proposed roughly $200 billion in savings that never made it into law. These recommendations have now been incorporated into our broader reform agenda, but we need to fast-track their proposals, the commission's proposals, in the future so that we don't miss another opportunity to save billions of dollars, as we gain more information about what works and what doesn't work in our health care system.

And as we seek to contain the cost of health care, we also have to ensure that every American can get coverage they can afford. We must do so in part because it's in all of our economic interests. Each time an uninsured American steps foot into an emergency room with no way to reimburse the hospital for care, the cost is handed over to every American family as a bill of about $1,000 that's reflected in higher taxes, higher premiums, and higher health care costs. It's a hidden tax, a hidden bill that will be cut as we insure all Americans. And as we insure every young and healthy American, it will spread out risk for insurance companies, further reducing costs for everyone.

But alongside these economic arguments, there's another, more powerful one. And it is simply this: We are not a nation that accepts nearly 46 million uninsured men, women and children. We are not a nation that lets hardworking families go without coverage, or turns its back on those in need. We're a nation that cares for its citizens. We look out for one another. That's what makes us the United States of America. We need to get this done.

So we need to do a few things to provide affordable health insurance to every single American. The first thing we need to do is to protect what's working in our health care system. So just in case you didn't catch it the first time, let me repeat: If you like your health care system and your doctor, the only thing reform will mean to you is your health care will cost less. If anyone says otherwise, they are either trying to mislead you or don't have their facts straight.

Now, if you don't like your health care coverage or you don't have any insurance at all, you'll have a chance, under what we've proposed, to take part in what we're calling a Health Insurance Exchange. This exchange will allow you to one-stop shop for a health care plan, compare benefits and prices, and choose a plan that's best for you and your family -- the same way, by the way, that federal employees can do, from a postal worker to a member of Congress. You will have your choice of a number of plans that offer a few different packages, but every plan would offer an affordable, basic package.

Again, this is for people who aren't happy with their current plan. If you like what you're getting, keep it. Nobody is forcing you to shift. But if you're not, this gives you some new options. And I believe one of these options needs to be a public option that will give people a broader range of choices -- and inject competition into the health care market so that force -- so that we can force waste out of the system and keep the insurance companies honest.

Now, I know that there's some concern about a public option. Even within this organization there's healthy debate about it. In particular, I understand that you're concerned that today's Medicare rates, which many of you already feel are too low, will be applied broadly in a way that means our cost savings are coming off your backs.

And these are legitimate concerns, but they're ones, I believe, that can be overcome. As I stated earlier, the reforms we propose to reimbursement are to reward best practices, focus on patient care, not on the current piecework reimbursements. What we seek is more stability and a health care system that's on a sounder financial footing.

And the fact is these reforms need to take place regardless of whether there's a public option or not. With reform, we will ensure that you are being reimbursed in a thoughtful way that's tied to patient outcomes, instead of relying on yearly negotiations about the Sustainable Growth Rate formula that's based on politics and the immediate state of the federal budget in any given year.

And I just want to point out the alternative to such reform is a world where health care costs grow at an unsustainable rate. And if you don't think that's going to threaten your reimbursements and the stability of our health care system, you haven't been paying attention.

So the public option is not your enemy; it is your friend, I believe.

Let me also say that -- let me also address a illegitimate concern that's being put forward by those who are claiming that a public option is somehow a Trojan horse for a single-payer system. I'll be honest; there are countries where a single-payer system works pretty well. But I believe -- and I've taken some flak from members of my own party for this belief -- that it's important for our reform efforts to build on our traditions here in the United States. So when you hear the naysayers claim that I'm trying to bring about government-run health care, know this: They're not telling the truth.

What I am trying to do -- and what a public option will help do -- is put affordable health care within reach for millions of Americans. And to help ensure that everyone can afford the cost of a health care option in our exchange, we need to provide assistance to families who need it. That way, there will be no reason at all for anyone to remain uninsured.

Indeed, it's because I'm confident in our ability to give people the ability to get insurance at an affordable rate that I'm open to a system where every American bears responsibility for owning health insurance -- so long as we provide a hardship waiver for those who still can't afford it as we move towards this system.

The same is true for employers. While I believe every business has a responsibility to provide health insurance for its workers, small businesses that can't afford it should receive an exemption. And small business workers and their families will be able to seek coverage in the exchange if their employer is not able to provide it.

Now, here's some good news. Insurance companies have expressed support for the idea of covering the uninsured and they certainly are in favor of a mandate. I welcome their willingness to engage constructively in the reform debate. I'm glad they're at the table. But what I refuse to do is simply create a system where insurance companies suddenly have a whole bunch of more customers on Uncle Sam's dime, but still fail to meet their responsibilities. We're not going to do that.

Let me give you an example of what I'm talking about. We need to end the practice of denying coverage on the basis of preexisting conditions. The days of cherry-picking who to cover and who to deny, those days are over. I know you see it in your practices, and how incredibly painful and frustrating it is -- you want to give somebody care and you find out that the insurance companies are wiggling out of paying.

This is personal for me also. I've told this story before. I'll never forget watching my own mother, as she fought cancer in her final days, spending time worrying about whether her insurer would claim her illness was a preexisting condition so it could get out of providing coverage. Changing the current approach to preexisting conditions is the least we can do -- for my mother and for every other mother, father, son, and daughter, who has suffered under this practice, who've been paying premiums and don't get care. We need to put health care within the reach for millions of Americans.

Now, even if we accept all of the economic and moral reasons for providing affordable coverage to all Americans, there is no denying that expanding coverage will come at a cost, at least in the short run. But it is a cost that will not -- I repeat -- will not add to our deficits. I've set down a rule for my staff, for my team -- and I've said this to Congress -- health care reform must be, and will be, deficit-neutral in the next decade.

Now, there are already voices saying the numbers don't add up. They're wrong. Here's why. Making health care affordable for all Americans will cost somewhere on the order of $1 trillion over the next 10 years. That's real money, even in Washington. But remember, that's less than we are projected to have spent on the war in Iraq. And also remember, failing to reform our health care system in a way that genuinely reduces cost growth will cost us trillions of dollars more in lost economic growth and lower wages.

That said, let me explain how we will cover the price tag. First, as part of the budget that was passed a few months ago, we put aside $635 billion over 10 years in what we're calling a Health Reserve Fund. Over half of that amount -- more than $300 billion -- will come from raising revenue by doing things like modestly limiting the tax deductions the wealthiest Americans can take to the same level that it was at the end of the Reagan years -- same level that it was under Ronald Reagan. Some are concerned that this will dramatically reduce charitable giving, for example, but statistics show that's not true. And the best thing for our charities is the stronger economy that we will build with health care reform.

But we can't just raise revenues. We're also going to have to make spending cuts, in part by examining inefficiencies in our current Medicare program. There are going to be robust debates about where these cuts should be made, and I welcome that debate. But here's where I think these cuts should be made.

First, we should end overpayments to Medicare Advantage. Today, we're paying Medicare Advantage plans much more than we pay for traditional Medicare services. Now, this is a good deal for insurance companies. It's a subsidy to insurance companies. It's not a good deal for you. It's not a good deal for the American people. And by the way, it doesn't follow free market principles, for those who are always talking about free market principles. That's why we need to introduce competitive bidding into the Medicare Advantage program, a program under which private insurance companies are offering Medicare coverage. That alone will save $177 billion over the next decade, just that one step.

Second, we need to use Medicare reimbursements to reduce preventable hospital readmissions. Right now, almost 20 percent of Medicare patients discharged from hospitals are readmitted within a month, often because they're not getting the comprehensive care that they need. This puts people at risk; it drives up cost. By changing how Medicare reimburses hospitals, we can discourage them from acting in a way that boosts profits but drives up costs for everyone else. That will save us $25 billion over the next decade.

Third, we need to introduce generic biologic drugs into the marketplace.These are drugs used to treat illnesses like anemia. But right now, there is no pathway at the FDA for approving generic versions of these drugs. Creating such a pathway will save us billions of dollars. We can save another roughly $30 billion by getting a better deal for our poorer seniors while asking our well-off seniors to pay a little more for their drugs.

So that's the bulk of what's in the Health Reserve Fund. I've also proposed saving another $313 billion in Medicare and Medicaid spending in several other ways. One way is by adjusting Medicare payments to reflect new advances and productivity gains in our economy. Right now, Medicare payments are rising each year by more than they should. These adjustments will create incentives for providers to deliver care more efficiently, and save us roughly $109 billion in the process.

Another way we can achieve savings is by reducing payments to hospitals for treating uninsured people. I know hospitals rely on these payments now, legitimately, because of the large number of uninsured patients that they treat. But if we put in a system where people have coverage and the number of uninsured people goes down with our reforms, the amount we pay hospitals to treat uninsured people should go down, as well. Reducing these payments gradually, as more and more people have coverage, will save us over $106 billion. And we'll make sure the difference goes to the hospitals that need it most.

We can also save about $75 billion through more efficient purchasing of prescription drugs. And we can save about $1 billion more by rooting out waste, abuse, fraud throughout our health care system so that no one is charging more for a service than it's worth or charging a dime for a service that they don't provide.

Let me be clear: I'm committed to making these cuts in a way that protects our senior citizens. In fact, these proposals will actually extend the life of the Medicare Trust Fund by seven years, and reduce premiums for Medicare beneficiaries by roughly $43 billion over the next 10 years. And I'm working with AARP to uphold that commitment.

Now, for those of you who took out your pencil and paper -- altogether, these savings mean that we've put about $950 billion on the table -- and that doesn't count some of the long-term savings that we think will come about from reform -- from medical IT, for example, or increased investment in prevention. So that stuff in congressional jargon is not scorable; the Congressional Budget Office won't count that as savings, so we're setting that aside. We think that's going to come, but even separate and far from that, we've put $950 billion on the table, taking us almost all the way to covering the full cost of health care reform.

In the weeks and months ahead, I look forward to working with Congress to make up the difference so that health care reform is fully paid for -- in a real, accountable way. And let me add that this does not count longer-term savings. I just want to repeat that. By insisting that the reforms that we're introducing are deficit-neutral over the next decade, and by making the reforms that will help slow the growth rate of health care costs over the coming decades -- bending the curve -- we can look forward to faster economic growth, higher living standards, and falling, instead of rising, budget deficits.

Now, let me just wrap up by saying this. I know people are cynical whether we can do this or not. I know there will be disagreements about how to proceed in the days ahead. There's probably healthy debate within the AMA. That's good. I also know this: We can't let this moment pass us by.

You know, the other day, a friend of mine, Congressman Earl Blumenauer, handed me a magazine with a special issue titled, "The Crisis in American Medicine." One article notes "soaring charges." Another warns about the "volume of utilization of services." Another asks if we can find a "better way than fee-for-service for paying for medical care." It speaks to many of the challenges we face today. The thing is, this special issue was published by Harper's Magazine in October of 1960 -- before I was born.

Members of the American Medical Association, and my fellow Americans, I'm here today because I don't want our children and their children to still be speaking of a crisis in American medicine 50 years from now. I don't want them to still be suffering from spiraling costs that we did not stem, or sicknesses that we did not cure. I don't want them to be burdened with massive deficits we did not curb or a worsening economy that we did not rebuild.

I want them to benefit from a health care system that works for all of us; where families can open a doctor's bill without dreading what's inside; where parents are talking to their kids and getting them to get regular checkups, and testing themselves for preventable ailments; where parents are feeding their kids healthier food and kids are exercising more; where patients are spending more time with their doctors, and doctors can pull up on a computer all the medical information and latest research they'll ever want to know to meet patients' needs; where orthopedists and nephrologists and oncologists are all working together to treat a single human being; where what's best about America's health care system has become the hallmark of America's health care system.

That's the health care system we can build. That's the future I'm convinced is within our reach. And if we're willing to come together and bring about that future, then we will not only make Americans healthier, we will not only unleash America's economic potential, but we will reaffirm the ideals that led you into this noble profession and we'll build a health care system that lets all Americans heal.

Thank you very much, AMA. Appreciate it, thank you.

Good afternoon, everybody. Today I want to start by addressing three issues, and then I'll take your questions.  
     
First, I'd like to say a few words about the situation in Iran. The United States and the international community have been appalled and outraged by the threats, the beatings, and imprisonments of the last few days. I strongly condemn these unjust actions, and I join with the American people in mourning each and every innocent life that is lost.

I've made it clear that the United States respects the sovereignty of the Islamic Republic of Iran, and is not interfering with Iran's affairs. But we must also bear witness to the courage and the dignity of the Iranian people, and to a remarkable opening within Iranian society. And we deplore the violence against innocent civilians anywhere that it takes place.

The Iranian people are trying to have a debate about their future. Some in Iran -- Some in the Iranian government, in particular, are trying to avoid that debate by accusing the United States and others in the West of instigating protests over the election. These accusations are patently false. They're an obvious attempt to distract people from what is truly taking place within Iran's borders. This tired strategy of using old tensions to scapegoat other countries won't work anymore in Iran. This is not about the United States or the West; this is about the people of Iran, and the future that they -- and only they -- will choose. The Iranian people can speak for themselves. That's precisely what's happened in the last few days.

In 2009, no iron fist is strong enough to shut off the world from bearing witness to peaceful protests of justice. Despite the Iranian government's efforts to expel journalists and isolate itself, powerful images and poignant words have made their way to us through cell phones and computers, and so we've watched what the Iranian people are doing.

This is what we've witnessed.

We've seen the timeless dignity of tens of thousands of Iranians marching in silence. We've seen people of all ages risk everything to insist that their votes are counted and that their voices are heard. Above all, we've seen courageous women stand up to the brutality and threats, and we've experienced the searing image of a woman bleeding to death on the streets. While this loss is raw and extraordinarily painful, we also know this: Those who stand up for justice are always on the right side of history.

As I said in Cairo, suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away. The Iranian people have a universal right to assembly and free speech. If the Iranian government seeks the respect of the international community, it must respect those rights and heed the will of its own people. It must govern through consent and not coercion. That's what Iran's own people are calling for, and the Iranian people will ultimately judge the actions of their own government.

Good afternoon, everybody. Today, I want to start by addressing three issues, and then I'll take your questions.

First, I'd like to say a few words about the situation in Iran. The United States and the international community have been appalled and outraged by the threats, the beatings, and imprisonments of the last few days. I strongly condemn these unjust actions, and I join with the American people in mourning each and every innocent life that is lost.

I've made it clear that the United States respects the sovereignty of the Islamic Republic of Iran, and is not interfering with Iran's affairs. But we must also bear witness to the courage and the dignity of the Iranian people, and to a remarkable opening within Iranian society. And we deplore the violence against innocent civilians anywhere that it takes place.

The Iranian people are trying to have a debate about their future. Some in Iran -- some in the Iranian government, in particular, are trying to avoid that debate by accusing the United States and others in the West of instigating protests over the election. These accusations are patently false. They're an obvious attempt to distract people from what is truly taking place within Iran's borders. This tired strategy of using old tensions to scapegoat other countries won't work anymore in Iran. This is not about the United States or the West; this is about the people of Iran, and the future that they -- and only they -- will choose.

The Iranian people can speak for themselves. That's precisely what's happened in the last few days. In 2009, no iron fist is strong enough to shut off the world from bearing witness to peaceful protests of justice. Despite the Iranian government's efforts to expel journalists and isolate itself, powerful images and poignant words have made their way to us through cell phones and computers, and so we've watched what the Iranian people are doing.

This is what we've witnessed. We've seen the timeless dignity of tens of thousands of Iranians marching in silence. We've seen people of all ages risk everything to insist that their votes are counted and that their voices are heard. Above all, we've seen courageous women stand up to the brutality and threats, and we've experienced the searing image of a woman bleeding to death on the streets. While this loss is raw and extraordinarily painful, we also know this: Those who stand up for justice are always on the right side of history.

As I said in Cairo, suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away. The Iranian people have a universal right to assembly and free speech. If the Iranian government seeks the respect of the international community, it must respect those rights and heed the will of its own people. It must govern through consent and not coercion. That's what Iran's own people are calling for, and the Iranian people will ultimately judge the actions of their own government.

Now, the second issue I want to address is our ongoing effort to build a clean energy economy.

This week, the House of Representatives is moving ahead on historic legislation that will transform the way we produce and use energy in America. This legislation will spark a clean energy transformation that will reduce our dependence on foreign oil and confront the carbon pollution that threatens our planet.

This energy bill will create a set of incentives that will spur the development of new sources of energy, including wind, solar, and geothermal power. It will also spur new energy savings, like efficient windows and other materials that reduce heating costs in the winter and cooling costs in the summer.

These incentives will finally make clean energy the profitable kind of energy. And that will lead to the development of new technologies that lead to new industries that could create millions of new jobs in America -- jobs that can't be shipped overseas.

At a time of great fiscal challenges, this legislation is paid for by the polluters who currently emit the dangerous carbon emissions that contaminate the water we drink and pollute the air that we breathe. It also provides assistance to businesses and communities as they make the gradual transition to clean energy technologies.

So I believe that this legislation is extraordinarily important for our country; it's taken great effort on the part of many over the course of the past several months. And I want to thank the Chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Henry Waxman; his colleagues on that committee, including Congressmen Dingell, Ed Markey, and Rick Boucher. I also want to thank Charlie Rangel, the Chair of the Ways and Means Committee, and Collin Peterson, the Chair of the Agriculture Committee, for their many and ongoing contributions to this process. And I want to express my appreciation to Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer for their leadership.

We all know why this is so important. The nation that leads in the creation of a clean energy economy will be the nation that leads the 21st century's global economy. That's what this legislation seeks to achieve -- it's a bill that will open the door to a better future for this nation. And that's why I urge members of Congress to come together and pass it.

The last issue I'd like to address is health care.

Right now, Congress is debating various health care reform proposals. This is obviously a complicated issue, but I am very optimistic about the progress that they're making.

Like energy, this is legislation that must and will be paid for. It will not add to our deficits over the next decade. We will find the money through savings and efficiencies within the health care system -- some of which we've already announced.

We will also ensure that the reform we pass brings down the crushing cost of health care. We simply can't have a system where we throw good money after bad habits. We need to control the skyrocketing costs that are driving families, businesses, and our government into greater and greater debt.

There's no doubt that we must preserve what's best about our health care system, and that means allowing Americans who like their doctors and their health care plans to keep them. But unless we fix what's broken in our current system, everyone's health care will be in jeopardy. Unless we act, premiums will climb higher, benefits will erode further, and the rolls of the uninsured will swell to include millions more Americans. Unless we act, one out of every five dollars that we earn will be spent on health care within a decade. And the amount our government spends on Medicare and Medicaid will eventually grow larger than what our government spends on everything else today.

When it comes to health care, the status Q: uo is unsustainable and unacceptable. So reform is not a luxury, it's a necessity. And I hope that Congress will continue to make significant progress on this issue in the weeks ahead.

Good morning. It is a great honor for me to join you at the New Economic School. Michelle and I are so pleased to be in Moscow. And as somebody who was born in Hawaii, I'm glad to be here in July instead of January.

I know that NES is a young school, but I speak to you today with deep respect for Russia's timeless heritage. Russian writers have helped us understand the complexity of the human experience, and recognize eternal truths. Russian painters, composers, and dancers have introduced us to new forms of beauty. Russian scientists have cured disease, sought new frontiers of progress, and helped us go to space.

These are contributions that are not contained by Russia's borders, as vast as those borders are. Indeed, Russia's heritage has touched every corner of the world, and speaks to the humanity that we share. That includes my own country, which has been blessed with Russian immigrants for decades; we've been enriched by Russian culture, and enhanced by Russian cooperation. And as a resident of Washington, D.C., I continue to benefit from the contributions of Russians -- specifically, from Alexander Ovechkin. We're very pleased to have him in Washington, D.C.

Here at NES, you have inherited this great cultural legacy, but your focus on economics is no less fundamental to the future of humanity. As Pushkin said, "Inspiration is needed in geometry just as much as poetry." And today, I want particularly to speak to those of you preparing to graduate. You're poised to be leaders in academia and industry; in finance and government. But before you move forward, it's worth reflecting on what has already taken place during your young lives.

Like President Medvedev and myself, you're not old enough to have witnessed the darkest hours of the Cold War, when hydrogen bombs were tested in the atmosphere, and children drilled in fallout shelters, and we reached the brink of nuclear catastrophe. But you are the last generation born when the world was divided. At that time, the American and Soviet armies were still massed in Europe, trained and ready to fight. The ideological trenches of the last century were roughly in place. Competition in everything from astrophysics to athletics was treated as a zero-sum game. If one person won, then the other person had to lose.

And then, within a few short years, the world as it was ceased to be. Now, make no mistake: This change did not come from any one nation. The Cold War reached a conclusion because of the actions of many nations over many years, and because the people of Russia and Eastern Europe stood up and decided that its end would be peaceful.

With the end of the Cold War, there were extraordinary expectations -- for peace and for prosperity; for new arrangements among nations, and new opportunities for individuals. Like all periods of great change, it was a time of ambitious plans and endless possibilities. But, of course, things don't always work out exactly as planned. Back in 1993, shortly after this school opened, one NES student summed up the difficulty of change when he told a reporter, and I quote him: "The real world is not so rational as on paper." The real world is not so rational as on paper.

Over two tumultuous decades, that truth has been borne out around the world. Great wealth has been created, but it has not eliminated vast pockets of crushing poverty. Poverty exists here, it exists in the United States, and it exists all around the world. More people have gone to the ballot box, but too many governments still fail to protect the rights of their people. Ideological struggles have diminished, but they've been replaced by conflicts over tribe and ethnicity and religion. A human being with a computer can hold the same amount of information stored in the Russian State Library, but that technology can also be used to do great harm.

In a new Russia, the disappearance of old political and economic restrictions after the end of the Soviet Union brought both opportunity and hardship. A few prospered, but many more did not. There were tough times. But the Russian people showed strength and made sacrifices, and you achieved hard-earned progress through a growing economy and greater confidence. And despite painful times, many in Eastern Europe and Russia are much better off today than 20 years ago.

We see that progress here at NES -- a school founded with Western support that is now distinctly Russian; a place of learning and inquiry where the test of an idea is not whether it is Russian or American or European, but whether it works. Above all, we see that progress in all of you -- young people with a young century to shape as you see fit.
 
Your lifetime coincides with this era of transition. But think about the fundamental questions asked when this school was founded. What kind of future is Russia going to have? What kind of future are Russia and America going to have together?  What world order will replace the Cold War? Those questions still don't have clear answers, and so now they must be answered by you -- by your generation in Russia, in America, and around the world. You get to decide. And while I cannot answer those questions for you, I can speak plainly about the future that America is seeking.

To begin with, let me be clear: America wants a strong, peaceful, and prosperous Russia. This belief is rooted in our respect for the Russian people, and a shared history between our nations that goes beyond competition. Despite our past rivalry, our people were allies in the greatest struggle of the last century. Recently, I noted this when I was in Normandy -- for just as men from Boston and Birmingham risked all that they had to storm those beaches and scale those cliffs, Soviet soldiers from places like Kazan and Kiev endured unimaginable hardships to repeal -- to repel an invasion, and turn the tide in the east. As President John Kennedy said, "No nation in history of battle ever suffered more than the Soviet Union in the Second World War."

So as we honor this past, we also recognize the future benefit that will come from a strong and vibrant Russia. Think of the issues that will define your lives: security from nuclear weapons and extremism; access to markets and opportunity; health and the environment; an international system that protects sovereignty and human rights, while promoting stability and prosperity. These challenges demand global partnership, and that partnership will be stronger if Russia occupies its rightful place as a great power.

Yet unfortunately, there is sometimes a sense that old assumptions must prevail, old ways of thinking; a conception of power that is rooted in the past rather than in the future. There is the 20th century view that the United States and Russia are destined to be antagonists, and that a strong Russia or a strong America can only assert themselves in opposition to one another. And there is a 19th century view that we are destined to vie for spheres of influence, and that great powers must forge competing blocs to balance one another.

These assumptions are wrong. In 2009, a great power does not show strength by dominating or demonizing other countries. The days when empires could treat sovereign states as pieces on a chess board are over. As I said in Cairo, given our independence, any world order that -- given our interdependence, any world order that tries to elevate one nation or one group of people over another will inevitably fail. The pursuit of power is no longer a zero-sum game -- progress must be shared.

That's why I have called for a "reset" in relations between the United States and Russia. This must be more than a fresh start between the Kremlin and the White House -- though that is important and I've had excellent discussions with both your President and your Prime Minister. It must be a sustained effort among the American and Russian people to identify mutual interests, and expand dialogue and cooperation that can pave the way to progress.

This will not be easy. It's difficult to forge a lasting partnership between former adversaries, it's hard to change habits that have been ingrained in our governments and our bureaucracies for decades. But I believe that on the fundamental issues that will shape this century, Americans and Russians share common interests that form a basis for cooperation.  It is not for me to define Russia's national interests, but I can tell you about America's national interests, and I believe that you will see that we share common ground.

First, America has an interest in reversing the spread of nuclear weapons and preventing their use.

In the last century, generations of Americans and Russians inherited the power to destroy nations, and the understanding that using that power would bring about our own destruction. In 2009, our inheritance is different. You and I don't have to ask whether American and Russian leaders will respect a balance of terror -- we understand the horrific consequences of any war between our two countries. But we do have to ask this question: We have to ask whether extremists who have killed innocent civilians in New York and in Moscow will show that same restraint. We have to ask whether 10 or 20 or 50 nuclear-armed nations will protect their arsenals and refrain from using them.

This is the core of the nuclear challenge in the 21st century. The notion that prestige comes from holding these weapons, or that we can protect ourselves by picking and choosing which nations can have these weapons, is an illusion. In the short period since the end of the Cold War, we've already seen India, Pakistan, and North Korea conduct nuclear tests. Without a fundamental change, do any of us truly believe that the next two decades will not bring about the further spread of these nuclear weapons?

That's why America is committed to stopping nuclear proliferation, and ultimately seeking a world without nuclear weapons. That is consistent with our commitment under the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty. That is our responsibility as the world's two leading nuclear powers. And while I know this goal won't be met soon, pursuing it provides the legal and moral foundation to prevent the proliferation and eventual use of nuclear weapons.

We're already taking important steps to build this foundation. Yesterday, President Medvedev and I made progress on negotiating a new treaty that will substantially reduce our warheads and delivery systems. We renewed our commitment to clean, safe and peaceful nuclear energy, which must be a right for all nations that live up to their responsibilities under the NPT. And we agreed to increase cooperation on nuclear security, which is essential to achieving the goal of securing all vulnerable nuclear material within four years.

As we keep our own commitments, we must hold other nations accountable for theirs. Whether America or Russia, neither of us would benefit from a nuclear arms race in East Asia or the Middle East. That's why we should be united in opposing North Korea's efforts to become a nuclear power, and opposing Iran's efforts to acquire a nuclear weapon. And I'm pleased that President Medvedev and I agreed upon a joint threat assessment of the ballistic challenges -- ballistic missile challenges of the 21st century, including from Iran and North Korea.

This is not about singling out individual nations -- it's about the responsibilities of all nations. If we fail to stand together, then the NPT and the Security Council will lose credibility, and international law will give way to the law of the jungle. And that benefits no one. As I said in Prague, rules must be binding, violations must be punished, and words must mean something.

The successful enforcement of these rules will remove causes of disagreement. I know Russia opposes the planned configuration for missile defense in Europe. And my administration is reviewing these plans to enhance the security of America, Europe and the world. And I've made it clear that this system is directed at preventing a potential attack from Iran. It has nothing to do with Russia. In fact, I want to work together with Russia on a missile defense architecture that makes us all safer. But if the threat from Iran's nuclear and ballistic missile program is eliminated, the driving force for missile defense in Europe will be eliminated, and that is in our mutual interests.

Now, in addition to securing the world's most dangerous weapons, a second area where America has a critical national interest is in isolating and defeating violent extremists.

For years, al Qaeda and its affiliates have defiled a great religion of peace and justice, and ruthlessly murdered men, women and children of all nationalities and faiths. Indeed, above all, they have murdered Muslims. And these extremists have killed in Amman and Bali; Islamabad and Kabul; and they have the blood of Americans and Russians on their hands. They're plotting to kill more of our people, and they benefit from safe havens that allow them to train and operate -- particularly along the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan.

And that's why America has a clear goal: to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat al Qaeda and its allies in Afghanistan and Pakistan. We seek no bases, nor do we want to control these nations. Instead, we want to work with international partners, including Russia, to help Afghans and Pakistanis advance their own security and prosperity. And that's why I'm pleased that Russia has agreed to allow the United States to supply our coalition forces through your territory. Neither America nor Russia has an interest in an Afghanistan or Pakistan governed by the Taliban. It's time to work together on behalf of a different future -- a future in which we leave behind the great game of the past and the conflict of the present; a future in which all of us contribute to the security of Central Asia.

Now, beyond Afghanistan, America is committed to promoting the opportunity that will isolate extremists. We are helping the Iraqi people build a better future, and leaving Iraq to the Iraqis. We're pursuing the goal of two states, Israel and Palestine, living in peace and security. We're partnering with Muslim communities around the world to advance education, health, and economic development. In each of these endeavors, I believe that the Russian people share our goals, and will benefit from success -- and we need to partner together.

Now, in addition to these security concerns, the third area that I will discuss is America's interest in global prosperity. And since we have so many economists and future businessmen and women in the room, I know this is of great interest to you.

We meet in the midst of the worst global recession in a generation. I believe that the free market is the greatest force for creating and distributing wealth that the world has known. But wherever the market is allowed to run rampant -- through excessive risk-taking, a lack of regulation, or corruption -- then all are endangered, whether we live on the Mississippi or on the Volga.

In America, we're now taking unprecedented steps to jumpstart our economy and reform our system of regulation. But just as no nation can wall itself off from the consequences of a global crisis, no one can serve as the sole engine of global growth. You see, during your lives, something fundamental has changed. And while this crisis has shown us the risks that come with change, that risk is overwhelmed by opportunity.
 
Think of what's possible today that was unthinkable two decades ago. A young woman with an Internet connection in Bangalore, India can compete with anybody anywhere in the world. An entrepreneur with a start-up company in Beijing can take his business global. An NES professor in Moscow can collaborate with colleagues at Harvard or Stanford. That's good for all of us, because when prosperity is created in India, that's a new market for our goods; when new ideas take hold in China, that pushes our businesses to innovate; when new connections are forged among people, all of us are enriched.

There is extraordinary potential for increased cooperation between Americans and Russians. We can pursue trade that is free and fair and integrated with the wider world. We can boost investment that creates jobs in both our countries, we can forge partnerships on energy that tap not only traditional resources, like oil and gas, but new sources of energy that will drive growth and combat climate change. All of that, Americans and Russians can do together.

Now, government can promote this cooperation, but ultimately individuals must advance this cooperation, because the greatest resource of any nation in the 21st century is you. It's people; it's young people especially. And the country which taps that resource will be the country that will succeed. That success depends upon economies that function within the rule of law. As President Medvedev has rightly said, a mature and effective legal system is a condition for sustained economic development. People everywhere should have the right to do business or get an education without paying a bribe. Whether they are in America or Russia or Africa or Latin America, that's not a American idea or a Russian idea -- that's how people and countries will succeed in the 21st century.

And this brings me to the fourth issue that I will discuss -- America's interest in democratic governments that protect the rights of their people.

By no means is America perfect. But it is our commitment to certain universal values which allows us to correct our imperfections, to improve constantly, and to grow stronger over time. Freedom of speech and assembly has allowed women, and minorities, and workers to protest for full and equal rights at a time when they were denied. The rule of law and equal administration of justice has busted monopolies, shut down political machines that were corrupt, ended abuses of power. Independent media have exposed corruption at all levels of business and government. Competitive elections allow us to change course and hold our leaders accountable. If our democracy did not advance those rights, then I, as a person of African ancestry, wouldn't be able to address you as an American citizen, much less a President. Because at the time of our founding, I had no rights -- people who looked like me. But it is because of that process that I can now stand before you as President of the United States.

So around the world, America supports these values because they are moral, but also because they work. The arc of history shows that governments which serve their own people survive and thrive; governments which serve only their own power do not. Governments that represent the will of their people are far less likely to descend into failed states, to terrorize their citizens, or to wage war on others. Governments that promote the rule of law, subject their actions to oversight, and allow for independent institutions are more dependable trading partners. And in our own history, democracies have been America's most enduring allies, including those we once waged war with in Europe and Asia -- nations that today live with great security and prosperity.

Now let me be clear: America cannot and should not seek to impose any system of government on any other country, nor would we presume to choose which party or individual should run a country. And we haven't always done what we should have on that front. Even as we meet here today, America supports now the restoration of the democratically-elected President of Honduras, even though he has strongly opposed American policies. We do so not because we agree with him. We do so because we respect the universal principle that people should choose their own leaders, whether they are leaders we agree with or not.

And that leads me to the final area that I will discuss, which is America's interest in an international system that advances cooperation while respecting the sovereignty of all nations.

State sovereignty must be a cornerstone of international order. Just as all states should have the right to choose their leaders, states must have the right to borders that are secure, and to their own foreign policies. That is true for Russia, just as it is true for the United States. Any system that cedes those rights will lead to anarchy. That's why we must apply this principle to all nations -- and that includes nations like Georgia and Ukraine. America will never impose a security arrangement on another country. For any country to become a member of an organization like NATO, for example, a majority of its people must choose to; they must undertake reforms; they must be able to contribute to the Alliance's mission. And let me be clear: NATO should be seeking collaboration with Russia, not confrontation.

And more broadly, we need to foster cooperation and respect among all nations and peoples. As President of the United States, I will work tirelessly to protect America's security and to advance our interests. But no one nation can meet the challenges of the 21st century on its own, nor dictate its terms to the world. That is something that America now understands, just as Russia understands. That's why America seeks an international system that lets nations pursue their interests peacefully, especially when those interests diverge; a system where the universal rights of human beings are respected, and violations of those rights are opposed; a system where we hold ourselves to the same standards that we apply to other nations, with clear rights and responsibilities for all.

There was a time when Roosevelt, Churchill, and Stalin could shape the world in one meeting. Those days are over. The world is more complex today. Billions of people have found their voice, and seek their own measure of prosperity and self-determination in every corner of the planet. Over the past two decades, we've witnessed markets grow, wealth spread, and technology used to build -- not destroy. We've seen old hatreds pass, illusions of differences between people lift and fade away; we've seen the human destiny in the hands of more and more human beings who can shape their own destinies. Now, we must see that the period of transition which you have lived through ushers in a new era in which nations live in peace, and people realize their aspirations for dignity, security, and a better life for their children. That is America's interest, and I believe that it is Russia's interest as well.

I know that this future can seem distant. Change is hard. In the words of that NES student back in 1993, the real world is not so rational as on paper. But think of the change that has unfolded with the passing of time. One hundred years ago, a czar ruled Russia, and Europe was a place of empire.  When I was born, segregation was still the law of the land in parts of America, and my father's Kenya was still a colony. When you were born, a school like this would have been impossible, and the Internet was only known to a privileged few.

You get to decide what comes next. You get to choose where change will take us, because the future does not belong to those who gather armies on a field of battle or bury missiles in the ground; the future belongs to young people with an education and the imagination to create. That is the source of power in this century. And given all that has happened in your two decades on Earth, just imagine what you can create in the years to come.

Every country charts its own course. Russia has cut its way through time like a mighty river through a canyon, leaving an indelible mark on human history as it goes. As you move this story forward, look to the future that can be built if we refuse to be burdened by the old obstacles and old suspicions; look to the future that can be built if we partner on behalf of the aspirations we hold in common. Together, we can build a world where people are protected, prosperity is enlarged, and our power truly serves progress. And it is all in your hands. Good luck to all of you.

Thank you very much.

I like this. Thank you. Thank you. I think Congress needs one of those horns.  That sounds pretty good. Sounds like Louis Armstrong back there.

Good afternoon, everybody. It is a great honor for me to be in Accra and to speak to the representatives of the people of Ghana.  I am deeply grateful for the welcome that I've received, as are Michelle and Malia and Sasha Obama. Ghana's history is rich, the ties between our two countries are strong, and I am proud that this is my first visit to sub-Saharan Africa as President of the United States of America.

I want to thank Madam Speaker and all the members of the House of Representatives for hosting us today. I want to thank President Mills for his outstanding leadership. To the former Presidents -- Jerry Rawlings, former President Kufuor -- Vice President, Chief Justice -- thanks to all of you for your extraordinary hospitality and the wonderful institutions that you've built here in Ghana.

I'm speaking to you at the end of a long trip. I began in Russia for a summit between two great powers. I traveled to Italy for a meeting of the world's leading economies. And I've come here to Ghana for a simple reason: The 21st century will be shaped by what happens not just in Rome or Moscow or Washington, but by what happens in Accra, as well.

This is the simple truth of a time when the boundaries between people are overwhelmed by our connections. Your prosperity can expand America's prosperity. Your health and security can contribute to the world's health and security. And the strength of your democracy can help advance human rights for people everywhere.

So I do not see the countries and peoples of Africa as a world apart; I see Africa as a fundamental part of our interconnected world -- as partners with America on behalf of the future we want for all of our children. That partnership must be grounded in mutual responsibility and mutual respect. And that is what I want to speak with you about today.

We must start from the simple premise that Africa's future is up to Africans.

I say this knowing full well the tragic past that has sometimes haunted this part of the world. After all, I have the blood of Africa within me, and my family's -- my family's own story encompasses both the tragedies and triumphs of the larger African story.

Some you know my grandfather was a cook for the British in Kenya, and though he was a respected elder in his village, his employers called him "boy" for much of his life. He was on the periphery of Kenya's liberation struggles, but he was still imprisoned briefly during repressive times. In his life, colonialism wasn't simply the creation of unnatural borders or unfair terms of trade -- it was something experienced personally, day after day, year after year.

My father grew up herding goats in a tiny village, an impossible distance away from the American universities where he would come to get an education. He came of age at a moment of extraordinary promise for Africa. The struggles of his own father's generation were giving birth to new nations, beginning right here in Ghana.  Africans were educating and asserting themselves in new ways, and history was on the move.

But despite the progress that has been made -- and there has been considerable progress in many parts of Africa -- we also know that much of that promise has yet to be fulfilled. Countries like Kenya had a per capita economy larger than South Korea's when I was born. They have badly been outpaced. Disease and conflict have ravaged parts of the African continent.

In many places, the hope of my father's generation gave way to cynicism, even despair. Now, it's easy to point fingers and to pin the blame of these problems on others. Yes, a colonial map that made little sense helped to breed conflict. The West has often approached Africa as a patron or a source of resources rather than a partner. But the West is not responsible for the destruction of the Zimbabwean economy over the last decade, or wars in which children are enlisted as combatants. In my father's life, it was partly tribalism and patronage and nepotism in an independent Kenya that for a long stretch derailed his career, and we know that this kind of corruption is still a daily fact of life for far too many.

Now, we know that's also not the whole story. Here in Ghana, you show us a face of Africa that is too often overlooked by a world that sees only tragedy or a need for charity. The people of Ghana have worked hard to put democracy on a firmer footing, with repeated peaceful transfers of power even in the wake of closely contested elections.  And by the way, can I say that for that the minority deserves as much credit as the majority.  And with improved governance and an emerging civil society, Ghana's economy has shown impressive rates of growth.

This progress may lack the drama of 20th century liberation struggles, but make no mistake: It will ultimately be more significant. For just as it is important to emerge from the control of other nations, it is even more important to build one's own nation.

So I believe that this moment is just as promising for Ghana and for Africa as the moment when my father came of age and new nations were being born. This is a new moment of great promise. Only this time, we've learned that it will not be giants like Nkrumah and Kenyatta who will determine Africa's future. Instead, it will be you -- the men and women in Ghana's parliament -- the people you represent. It will be the young people brimming with talent and energy and hope who can claim the future that so many in previous generations never realized.

Now, to realize that promise, we must first recognize the fundamental truth that you have given life to in Ghana: Development depends on good governance.   That is the ingredient which has been missing in far too many places, for far too long. That's the change that can unlock Africa's potential. And that is a responsibility that can only be met by Africans.

As for America and the West, our commitment must be measured by more than just the dollars we spend. I've pledged substantial increases in our foreign assistance, which is in Africa's interests and America's interests. But the true sign of success is not whether we are a source of perpetual aid that helps people scrape by -- it's whether we are partners in building the capacity for transformational change.

This mutual responsibility must be the foundation of our partnership. And today, I'll focus on four areas that are critical to the future of Africa and the entire developing world: democracy, opportunity, health, and the peaceful resolution of conflict.

First, we must support strong and sustainable democratic governments.

As I -- As I said in Cairo, each nation gives life to democracy in its own way, and in line with its own traditions. But history offers a clear verdict: Governments that respect the will of their own people, that govern by consent and not coercion, are more -- more prosperous, they are more stable, and more successful than governments that do not.

This is about more than just holding elections. It's also about what happens between elections.  Repression can take many forms, and too many nations, even those that have elections, are plagued by problems that condemn their people to poverty. No country is going to create wealth if its leaders exploit the economy to enrich themselves -- or -- or if police -- if police can be bought off by drug traffickers.  No business -- No business wants to invest in a place where the government skims 20 percent off the top -- or the head of the Port Authority is corrupt. No person wants to live in a society where the rule of law gives way to the rule of brutality and bribery.  That is not democracy, that is tyranny, even if occasionally you sprinkle an election in there. And now is the time for that style of governance to end.

In the 21st century, capable, reliable, and transparent institutions are the key to success -- strong parliaments; honest police forces; independent judges; an independent press; a vibrant private sector; a civil society.  Those are the things that give life to democracy, because that is what matters in people's everyday lives.

Now, time and again, Ghanaians have chosen constitutional rule over autocracy, and shown a democratic spirit that allows the energy of your people to break through.  We see that in leaders who accept defeat graciously -- the fact that President Mills' opponents were standing beside him last night to greet me when I came off the plane spoke volumes about Ghana; victors who resist calls to wield power against the opposition in unfair ways. We see that spirit in courageous journalists like Anas Aremeyaw Anas, who risked his life to report the truth. We see it in police like Patience Quaye, who helped prosecute the first human trafficker in Ghana.  We see it in the young people who are speaking up against patronage, and participating in the political process.

Across Africa, we've seen countless examples of people taking control of their destiny, and making change from the bottom up. We saw it in Kenya, where civil society and business came together to help stop post-election violence. We saw it in South Africa, where over three-quarters of the country voted in the recent election -- the fourth since the end of Apartheid. We saw it in Zimbabwe, where the Election Support Network braved brutal repression to stand up for the principle that a person's vote is their sacred right.

Now, make no mistake: History is on the side of these brave Africans, not with those who use coups or change constitutions to stay in power.  Africa -- Africa doesn't need strongmen; it needs strong institutions.

Now, America will not seek to impose any system of government on any other nation. The essential truth of democracy is that each nation determines its own destiny. But what America will do is increase assistance for responsible individuals and responsible institutions, with a focus on supporting good governance -- on parliaments, which check abuses of power and ensure that opposition voices are heard; on the rule of law, which ensures the equal administration of justice; on civic participation, so that young people get involved; and on concrete solutions to corruption like forensic accounting and automating services -- strengthening hotlines, protecting whistle-blowers to advance transparency and accountability.

And we provide this support. I have directed my Administration to give greater attention to corruption in our human rights reports. People everywhere should have the right to start a business or get an education without paying a bribe.  We have a responsibility to support those who act responsibly and to isolate those who don't, and that is exactly what America will do.

Now, this leads directly to our second area of partnership: supporting development that provides opportunity for more people.

With better governance, I have no doubt that Africa holds the promise of a broader base of prosperity. Witness the extraordinary success of Africans in my country, America. They're doing very well. So they've got the talent, they've got the entrepreneurial spirit. The question is, how do we make sure that they're succeeding here in their home countries? The continent is rich in natural resources. And from cell phone entrepreneurs to small farmers, Africans have shown the capacity and commitment to create their own opportunities. But old habits must also be broken. Dependence on commodities -- or a single export -- has a tendency to concentrate wealth in the hands of the few, and leaves people too vulnerable to downturns.

So in Ghana, for instance, oil brings great opportunities, and you have been very responsible in preparing for new revenue. But as so many Ghanaians know, oil cannot simply become the new cocoa. From South Korea to Singapore, history shows that countries thrive when they invest in their people and in their infrastructure; when they promote multiple export industries, develop a skilled workforce, and create space for small and medium-sized businesses that create jobs.

As Africans reach for this promise, America will be more responsible in extending our hand. By cutting costs that go to Western consultants and administration, we want to put more resources in the hands of those who need it, while training people to do more for themselves.  That's why our 3.5 billion dollar food security initiative is focused on new methods and technologies for farmers -- not simply sending American producers or goods to Africa. Aid is not an end in itself. The purpose of foreign assistance must be creating the conditions where it's no longer needed. I want to see Ghanaians not only self-sufficient in food, I want to see you exporting food to other countries and earning money. You can do that.

Now, America can also do more to promote trade and investment. Wealthy nations must open our doors to goods and services from Africa in a meaningful way. That will be a commitment of my Administration. And where there is good governance, we can broaden prosperity through public-private partnerships that invest in better roads and electricity; capacity-building that trains people to grow a business; financial services that reach not just the cities but also the poor and rural areas. This is also in our own interests -- for if people are lifted out of poverty and wealth is created in Africa, guess what? New markets will open up for our own goods. So it's good for both.

One area that holds out both undeniable peril and extraordinary promise is energy. Africa gives off less greenhouse gas than any other part of the world, but it is the most threatened by climate change. A warming planet will spread disease, shrink water resources, and deplete crops, creating conditions that produce more famine and more conflict. All of us -- particularly the developed world -- have a responsibility to slow these trends -- through mitigation, and by changing the way that we use energy. But we can also work with Africans to turn this crisis into opportunity.

Together, we can partner on behalf of our planet and prosperity, and help countries increase access to power while skipping -- leapfrogging the dirtier phase of development. Think about it: Across Africa, there is bountiful wind and solar power; geothermal energy and biofuels. From the Rift Valley to the North African deserts; from the Western coasts to South Africa's crops -- Africa's boundless natural gifts can generate its own power, while exporting profitable, clean energy abroad.

These steps are about more than growth numbers on a balance sheet. They're about whether a young person with an education can get a job that supports a family; a farmer can transfer their goods to market; an entrepreneur with a good idea can start a business. It's about the dignity of work; it's about the opportunity that must exist for Africans in the 21st century.

Just as governance is vital to opportunity, it's also critical to the third area I want to talk about: strengthening public health.

In recent years, enormous progress has been made in parts of Africa. Far more people are living productively with HIV/AIDS, and getting the drugs they need. I just saw a wonderful clinic and hospital that is focused particularly on maternal health. But too many still die from diseases that shouldn't kill them. When children are being killed because of a mosquito bite, and mothers are dying in childbirth, then we know that more progress must be made.

Yet because of incentives -- often provided by donor nations -- many African doctors and nurses go overseas, or work for programs that focus on a single disease. And this creates gaps in primary care and basic prevention. Meanwhile, individual Africans also have to make responsible choices that prevent the spread of disease, while promoting public health in their communities and countries.

So across Africa, we see examples of people tackling these problems. In Nigeria, an Interfaith effort of Christians and Muslims has set an example of cooperation to confront malaria. Here in Ghana and across Africa, we see innovative ideas for filling gaps in care -- for instance, through E-Health initiatives that allow doctors in big cities to support those in small towns.

America will support these efforts through a comprehensive, global health strategy, because in the 21st century, we are called to act by our conscience but also by our common interest, because when a child dies of a preventable disease in Accra, that diminishes us everywhere. And when disease goes unchecked in any corner of the world, we know that it can spread across oceans and continents.

And that's why my Administration has committed 63 billion dollars to meet these challenges -- 63 billion dollars.  Building on the strong efforts of President Bush, we will carry forward the fight against HIV/AIDS. We will pursue the goal of ending deaths from malaria and tuberculosis, and we will work to eradicate polio.  We will fight -- we will fight neglected tropical disease. And we won't confront illnesses in isolation -- we will invest in public health systems that promote wellness and focus on the health of mothers and children.

Now, as we partner on behalf of a healthier future, we must also stop the destruction that comes not from illness, but from human beings -- and so the final area that I will address is conflict.

Let me be clear: Africa is not the crude caricature of a continent at perpetual war. But if we are honest, for far too many Africans, conflict is a part of life, as constant as the sun. There are wars over land and wars over resources. And it is still far too easy for those without conscience to manipulate whole communities into fighting among faiths and tribes.

These conflicts are a millstone around Africa's neck. Now, we all have many identities -- of tribe and ethnicity; of religion and nationality. But defining oneself in opposition to someone who belongs to a different tribe, or who worships a different prophet, has no place in the 21st century.  Africa's diversity should be a source of strength, not a cause for division. We are all God's children. We all share common aspirations -- to live in peace and security; to access education and opportunity; to love our families and our communities and our faith. That is our common humanity.

That is why we must stand up to inhumanity in our midst. It is never justified -- never justifiable to target innocents in the name of ideology.  It is the death sentence of a society to force children to kill in wars. It is the ultimate mark of criminality and cowardice to condemn women to relentless and systemic rape. We must bear witness to the value of every child in Darfur and the dignity of every woman in the Congo. No faith or culture should condone the outrages against them. And all of us must strive for the peace and security necessary for progress.

Africans are standing up for this future. Here, too, in Ghana we are seeing you help point the way forward. Ghanaians should take pride in your contributions to peacekeeping from Congo to Liberia to Lebanon -- and your efforts to resist the scourge of the drug trade.  We welcome the steps that are being taken by organizations like the African Union and ECOWAS to better resolve conflicts, to keep the peace, and support those in need. And we encourage the vision of a strong, regional security architecture that can bring effective, transnational forces to bear when needed.

America has a responsibility to work with you as a partner to advance this vision, not just with words, but with support that strengthens African capacity. When there's a genocide in Darfur or terrorists in Somalia, these are not simply African problems -- they are global security challenges, and they demand a global response.

And that's why we stand ready to partner through diplomacy and technical assistance and logistical support, and we will stand behind efforts to hold war criminals accountable. And let me be clear: Our Africa Command is focused not on establishing a foothold in the continent, but on confronting these common challenges to advance the security of America, Africa, and the world.

In Moscow, I spoke of the need for an international system where the universal rights of human beings are respected, and violations of those rights are opposed. And that must include a commitment to support those who resolve conflicts peacefully, to sanction and stop those who don't, and to help those who have suffer -- suffered. But ultimately, it will be vibrant democracies like Botswana and Ghana which roll back the causes of conflict and advance the frontiers of peace and prosperity.

As I said earlier, Africa's future is up to Africans.

The people of Africa are ready to claim that future. And in my country, African Americans -- including so many recent immigrants -- have thrived in every sector of society. We've done so despite a difficult past, and we've drawn strength from our African heritage. With strong institutions and a strong will, I know that Africans can live their dreams in Nairobi and Lagos, Kigali, Kinshasa, Harare, and right here in Accra.

You know, 52 years ago, the eyes of the world were on Ghana. And a young preacher named Martin Luther King traveled here, to Accra, to watch the Union Jack come down and the Ghanaian flag go up. This was before the march on Washington or the success of the civil rights movement in my country. Dr. King was asked how he felt while watching the birth of a nation. And he said: "It renews my conviction in the ultimate triumph of justice."2

Now that triumph must be won once more, and it must be won by you.  And I am particularly speaking to the young people all across Africa and right here in Ghana. In places like Ghana, young people make up over half of the population.

And here is what you must know: The world will be what you make of it. You have the power to hold your leaders accountable, and to build institutions that serve the people. You can serve in your communities, and harness your energy and education to create new wealth and build new connections to the world. You can conquer disease, and end conflicts, and make change from the bottom up. You can do that. Yes you can -- because in this moment, history is on the move.

But these things can only be done if all of you take responsibility for your future. And it won't be easy. It will take time and effort. There will be suffering and setbacks. But I can promise you this: America will be with you every step of the way -- as a partner, as a friend.  Opportunity won't come from any other place, though. It must come from the decisions that all of you make, the things that you do, the hope that you hold in your heart.

Ghana, freedom is your inheritance. Now, it is your responsibility to build upon freedom's foundation. And if you do, we will look back years from now to places like Accra and say this was the time when the promise was realized; this was the moment when prosperity was forged, when pain was overcome, and a new era of progress began. This can be the time when we witness the triumph of justice once more. Yes we can.

Thank you very much. God bless you.

Thank you.

Hello, Michigan! Thank you.  Thank you so much.  First of all, give Joe a big round of applause for the wonderful introduction. We've got some special guests here -- now, if everybody has chairs, go ahead and use them. Feel free.  We've got some special guests here today that I just want to acknowledge.  All of you are special, but these folks I want to make sure that you have a chance to see them.

First of all, one of the best governors in the country, please give Jennifer Granholm a big round of applause. Lieutenant Governor John Cherry -- give John a big round of applause.  One of my favorite people, a former colleague of mine, still just a fighter on behalf of working families each and every day -- Senator Debbie Stabenow.  We've got Speaker of the House, Andy Dillon, in the house.  We've got a lot of other local elected officials, and I just want to thank them.

A couple of people who are missing:  Carl Levin, who is doing great work.  He's in the Senate right now fighting on behalf of a bill to make sure that we're not loading up a bunch of necessary defense spending with unnecessary defense spending.  So he's the point person on it.  The only reason he's not here is because he is working alongside the administration to get this bill done.  Please give him a big round of applause.  Congressman Sandy Levin, also working hard on your behalf each and every day, but is not here today.  I want to go ahead and acknowledge the new mayor, since he's the new mayor -- Mayor Dave Bing, great ball player. My game is a little like Dave Bing's -- except I don't have the jump shot or the speed or the ball handling skills -- or the endurance.  Also don't have the afro.  Don't think I forgot that, Dave.  I remember. I remember that.

I also want to acknowledge that we've got the Executive Director of the White House Council on Auto Communities and Workers, who's working hard, has a direct line to me each and every day.  He's traveling constantly back here -- Ed Montgomery.  Please give Ed a big round of applause.

And the Chairman of the Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indian Tribe, Derek Bailey is here.  Please give Derek a big round of applause.

And finally, the president of the college where we are here, Jim Jacobs.  Give Jim Jacobs a big round of applause.

And those of you who I've missed, you know how grateful I am that you're here.  And thank you all.  It is wonderful to be back at Macomb.  It was terrific visiting this campus as a candidate, but I have to admit, it's even better visiting as a President.

Now, this is a place where anyone -- anyone with a desire to learn and to grow, to take their career to a new level or start a new career altogether -- has the opportunity to pursue their dream, right here in Macomb.  This is a place where people of all ages and all backgrounds -- even in the face of obstacles, even in the face of very difficult personal challenges -- can take a chance on a brighter future for themselves and their families.

There are folks like Joe, who just told us his story.  When Joe lost his job, he decided to take advantage of assistance for displaced workers.  He earned his associate degree here at Macomb, and with a pretty impressive GPA, I might add.  And with the help of that degree, Joe found a new job, working for the new Henry Ford West Bloomfield Hospital as a maintenance mechanic, using the skills he learned here and the talents that he brought to make a fresh start.

There are workers like Kellie Kulman, who is here today. Where's Kellie?  Raise your hand, Kellie.  Where are you?  There you are.  There's Kellie right there.  Kellie is a UAW worker at a Ford plant in Sterling Heights, Michigan.  She used to drive a fork lift, right?  But then she decided to train here at Macomb for a job that required new skills, and now she's an apprentice pipe fitter.  It's a telling example:  Even as this painful restructuring takes place in our auto industry, workers are seeking out training for new auto jobs.  And Joe and Kellie's story make clear what all of you know:  Community colleges are an essential part of our recovery in the present -- and our prosperity in the future.  This place can make the future better, not just for these individuals but for America.

Now, since this recession began 20 months ago, 6.5 million Americans have lost their jobs, and I don't have to tell you Michigan in particular has been hard-hit.  Now, I -- the statistics are daunting.  The whole country now, the unemployment rate is approaching 10 percent.  Here in Michigan, it's about five points higher.  And new jobs of course are going to be coming out and we're going to see continuing job loss even as the economy is beginning to stabilize.

Now, that's not just abstractions.  Those just aren't numbers on a page.  Those are extraordinary hardships, tough times, for families and individuals who've worked hard all their lives and have done the right things all their lives.  If you haven't lost a job, chances are you know somebody who has:  a family member, a neighbor, a friend, a coworker.  And you know that as difficult as the financial struggle can be, the sense of loss is about more than just a paycheck, because most of us define ourselves by the work we do.  That's part of what it means to be an American.  We take pride in work -- that sense that you're contributing, supporting your family, meeting your responsibilities.  People need work not just for income, but because it makes you part of that fabric of a community that's so important.  And so when you lose your job, and when entire communities are losing thousands of jobs, that's a heavy burden, that's a heavy weight.

Now, my administration has a job to do, as well, and that job is to get this economy back on its feet.  That's my job. And it's a job I gladly accept.  I love these folks who helped get us in this mess and then suddenly say, well, this is Obama's economy.  That's fine.  Give it to me.  My job is to solve problems, not to stand on the sidelines and harp and gripe.

So I welcome the job.  I want the responsibility.  And I know that -- let's just take an example.  Many questioned our efforts to help save GM and Chrysler from collapse earlier this year.  Their feeling was these companies were driven to the brink by poor management decisions over a long period of time, and like any business they should be held accountable for those decisions.  I agree that they should be held accountable.  But I also recognize the historic significance and economic prominence of these companies in communities all across Michigan and all across the country.

I thought about the hundreds of thousands of Americans whose livelihoods are still connected to the American auto industry, and the impact on an already struggling economy, especially right here in Michigan.  So I said that if Chrysler and GM were willing to fundamentally restructure their businesses and make the hard choices necessary to become competitive now and in the future, it was a process worth supporting.

Now today, after a painful period of soul-searching and sacrifice, both GM and Chrysler have emerged from bankruptcy.  Remember, folks said there was no way they could do it?  They've gotten it done already, in record time -- far faster than anybody thought possible.  They've got a leaner structure, they've got new management, and a viable vision of how to compete and win in the 21st century.  Those sacrifices were shared among all the stakeholders:  workers and management; creditors and shareholders; retirees and communities.  And together, they've made the rebirth of Chrysler and GM possible.

It was the right thing to do.

But even with this positive news, the hard truth is, is that some of the jobs that have been lost in the auto industry and elsewhere won't be coming back.  They're the casualties of a changing economy.  In some cases, just increased productivity in the plants themselves means that some jobs aren't going to return.  And that only underscores the importance of generating new businesses and new industries to replace the ones that we've lost, and of preparing our workers to fill the jobs they create.  For even before this recession hit, we were faced with an economy that was simply not creating or sustaining enough new, well-paying jobs.

So now is the time to change all that.  What we face is far more than a passing crisis.  This is a transformative moment.  And in this moment we must do what other generations have done.  It's not the time to shrink from the challenges we face or put off tough decisions.  That's what Washington has done for decades, and it's exactly why I ran for President -- to change that mindset.  Now is the time to build a firmer, stronger foundation for growth that will not only withstand future economic storms, but that will help us thrive and compete in a global economy.  To build that foundation, we have to slow the growth of health care costs that are driving us into debt.  We're going to have to do that, and there's going to be a major debate over the next three weeks.  And don't be fooled by folks trying to scare you, saying we can't change the health care system.  We have no choice but to change the health care system, because right now it's broken for too many Americans.

We're going to have to make tough choices necessary to bring down deficits.  But don't let folks fool you -- the best way to start bringing down deficits is to get control of our health care costs, which is why we need reform.

Now is the time to create the jobs of the future by growing industries, including a new clean energy economy.  And Jennifer Granholm has been all on top of this as the governor of Michigan.  She is bring cleaning [sic] energy jobs right here to Michigan, and we've got to support her in that effort.

I want Michigan to build windmills and wind turbines and solar panels and biofuel plants and energy-efficient light bulbs and weatherize all our -- because, Michigan, you know bad weather.  So you can be all on top of weatherizing.  You need to weatherize.  I know about that in Chicago too.

But we also have to ensure that we're educating and preparing our people for the new jobs of the 21st century.  We've got to prepare our people with the skills they need to compete in this global economy. Time and again, when we placed our bet for the future on education, we have prospered as a result -- by tapping the incredible innovative and generative potential of a skilled American workforce.  That's what happened when President Lincoln signed into law legislation creating the land grant colleges, which not only transformed higher education, but also our entire economy.  That's what took place when President Roosevelt signed the GI Bill which helped educate a generation, and ushered in an era of unprecedented prosperity.  That was the foundation for the American middle class.

And that's why, at the start of my administration I set a goal for America:  By 2020, this nation will once again have the highest proportion of college graduates in the world.  We used to have that.  We're going to have it again. And we've begun to take historic steps to achieve this goal.  Already we've increased Pell grants by $500. We've created a $2,500 tax credit for four years of college tuition. We've simplified student aid applications and ensured that aid is not based on the income of a job that you just lost. A new GI Bill of Rights for the 21st century is beginning to help soldiers coming home from Iraq and Afghanistan to begin a new life -- in a new economy.  And the recovery plan has helped close state budget shortfalls -- which put enormous pressure on public universities and community colleges -- at the same time making historic investments in school libraries and classrooms and facilities all across America.  So we've already taken some steps that are building the foundation for a 21st century education system here in America, one that will allow us to compete with China and India and everybody else all around the world.

But today I'm announcing the most significant down payment yet on reaching the goal of having the highest college graduation rate of any nation in the world.  We're going to achieve this in the next 10 years.  And it's called the American Graduation Initiative.  It will reform and strengthen community colleges like this one from coast to coast so they get the resources that students and schools need -- and the results workers and businesses demand.  Through this plan, we seek to help an additional 5 million Americans earn degrees and certificates in the next decade -- 5 million.

Not since the passage of the original GI Bill and the work of President Truman's Commission on Higher Education -- which helped to double the number of community colleges and increase by seven-fold enrollment in those colleges -- have we taken such a historic step on behalf of community colleges in America.  And let me be clear:  We pay for this plan -- this isn't adding to the deficit; we're paying for this plan -- by ending the wasteful subsidies we currently provide to banks and private lenders for student loans.  That will save tens of billions of dollars over the next 10 years.  Instead of lining the pockets of special interests, it's time this money went towards the interests of higher education in America.  That's what my administration is committed to doing.

Now, I know that for a long time there have been politicians who have spoken of training as a silver bullet and college as a cure-all.  It's not, and we know that.  I can't tell you how many workers who've been laid off, you talk to them about training and they say, "Training for what?"  So I understand the frustrations that a lot of people have, especially if the training is not well designed for the specific jobs that are being created out there.

But we know that in the coming years, jobs requiring at least an associate degree are projected to grow twice as fast as jobs requiring no college experience.  We will not fill those jobs -- or even keep those jobs here in America -- without the training offered by community colleges.  That's why I want to applaud Governor Granholm for the No Worker Left Behind program.  It's providing up to two years' worth of free tuition at community colleges and universities across the state.  The rest of the country should learn from the effort.

This is training to become a medical technician, or a health IT worker, or a lab specialist, or a nurse.  In fact, 59 percent of all new nurses come from community colleges.  This is training to install solar panels and build those wind turbines we were talking about and develop a smarter electricity grid.  And this is the kind of education that more and more Americans are using to improve their skills and broaden their horizons.  Many young people are saving money by spending two years at community college before heading to a four-year college.  And more workers who have lost their jobs -- or fear losing a job -- are seeking an edge at schools like this one.

At the same time, community colleges are under increasing pressure to cap enrollments and scrap courses and cut costs as states and municipalities face budget shortfalls.  And this is in addition to the challenges you face in the best of times, as these schools receive far less funding per student than typical four-year colleges and universities.  So community colleges are an undervalued asset in our country.  Not only is that not right, it's not smart.  That's why I've asked Dr. Jill Biden -- who happens to be a relation of the Vice President, Joe Biden, but who is also a community college educator for more than 16 years -- to promote community colleges and help us make community colleges stronger.  And that's why we're putting in place this American Graduation Initiative.

Let me describe for you the specifics of what we're going to do.  Number one, we will offer competitive grants, challenging community colleges to pursue innovative, results-oriented strategies in exchange for federal funding.  We'll fund programs that connect students looking for jobs with businesses that are looking to hire.  We'll challenge these schools to find new and better ways to help students catch up on the basics, like math and science, that are essential to our competitiveness.  We'll put colleges and employers together to create programs that match curricula in the classroom with the needs of the boardroom.

These are all kinds of -- there are all kinds of examples of what's possible.  We've seen Cisco, for example, working with community colleges to prepare students and workers for jobs ranging from work in broadband to health IT.  We know that the most successful community colleges are those that partner with the private sector.  So we want to encourage more companies to work with schools to build these type of relationships.  That way, when somebody goes through a training program, they know that there's a job at the end of that training.

We'll also create a new research center with a simple mission:  to measure what works and what doesn't.  All too often, we don't know what happens when somebody walks out of a classroom and onto the factory floor or into the library or -- the laboratory or the office.  And that means businesses often can't be sure what a degree is really worth.  And schools themselves don't have the facts to make informed choices about which programs receive -- achieve results and which programs don't.  And this is important, not just for businesses and colleges, but for students and workers, as well.  If a parent is going to spend time in the classroom and away from his or her family -- especially after a long day at work -- that degree really has to mean something.  They have to know that when they get that degree, this is going to help advance their goals.  If a worker is going to spend two years training to enter into a whole new profession, that certificate has to mean that he or she is ready, and that businesses are ready to hire.

In addition, we want to propose new funding for innovative strategies that promote not just enrollment in a community college program, but completion of that program.  See, more than half -- more than half of all students who enter community college to earn an associate degree, or transfer to a four-year school to earn a bachelor's degree, unfortunately fail to reach their goal.  That's not just a waste of a valuable resource, that's a tragedy for these students.  Oftentimes they've taken out debt and they don't get the degree, but they still have to pay back the debt.  And it's a disaster for our economy.

So we'll fund programs that track student progress inside and outside the classroom.  Let's figure out what's keeping students from crossing that finish line, and then put in place reforms that will remove those barriers.  Maybe it becomes too difficult for a parent to be away from home, or too expensive for a waiter or a nurse to miss a shift.  Maybe a young student just isn't sure if her education will lead to employment.  The point is, we need to figure out solutions for these kinds of challenges -- because facing these impediments shouldn't prevent you from reaching your potential.

All right, so that's a big chunk of this first part of this initiative.  The second part:  We're going to back $10 billion in loans to renovate and rebuild college classrooms and buildings all across the country. All too often, community colleges are treated like the stepchild of the higher education system; they're an afterthought, if they're thought of at all.  And that means schools are often years behind in the facilities they provide, which means, in a 21st century economy, they're years behind in the education they can offer.  That's a mistake and it's one that we'll help to correct.  Through this fund, schools will have the chance to borrow at a more affordable rate to modernize facilities, and they'll be building on the funds in the recovery plan that are already helping to renovate schools, including community colleges all across the country.  And by the way, not only does this improve the schools and the training that they're providing, guess what?  You also have to hire some workers and some tradesmen and women to do the work on those schools.  So it means it's putting people to work in Michigan right here right now.

Number three:  Even as we repair bricks and mortar, we have an opportunity to build a new virtual infrastructure to complement the education and training community colleges can offer.  So we're going to support the creation of a new online, open-source clearinghouse of courses so that community colleges across the country can offer more classes without building more classrooms.  And this will make a big difference especially for rural campuses that a lot of times have struggled -- attract -- have to struggle to attract students and faculty.  And this will make it possible for a professor to complement his lecture with an online exercise, or for a student who can't be away from her family to still keep up with her coursework.  We don't know where this kind of experiment will lead, but that's exactly why we ought to try it because I think there's a possibility that online education can provide especially for people who are already in the workforce and want to retrain the chance to upgrade their skills without having to quit their job.

So let me say this more:  The road to recovery, the road to prosperity, is going to be hard.  It was never going to be easy.  When I was sworn in, we were seeing 700 [thousand] jobs lost that month.  Then we had the same amount lost for two more consecutive months.  Now we've got an average of about 400,000 jobs lost -- but we're still losing too many jobs.  We will get to the point where we're not losing jobs, but then we've got to start getting to the point where we're actually creating jobs.

And it's going to take time.  There are going to be false starts and there are going to be setbacks.  But I am confident that we can meet the challenges we face, because that's what we've always done.  That's what America does.  We hit some challenges, we fuss and argue about it, and then we go ahead and go about the business of solving our problems.  That's what we see on display right here at Macomb Community College.  That's what I've seen at colleges and universities all across this country.  At every juncture in our history when we've been challenged, we have summoned the resilience and the industriousness -- that can-do American spirit -- that has allowed us to succeed in the face of even the toughest odds.

That's what we can and must do now, not just to overcome this crisis, but to leave something better behind, to lay a foundation on which our children and our grandchildren can prosper and take responsibility for their future -- just as the students at this school, at this difficult moment, are taking responsibility for theirs.

I am absolutely confident that if I've got your help, that we can make it happen, and we are going to see a stronger, more prosperous Michigan in the years to come.

Thank you very much, Warren.  God bless you.  God bless the United States of America.

Your Eminence, Vicki, Kara, Edward, Patrick, Curran, Caroline, members of the Kennedy family, distinguished guests, and fellow citizens:

Today we say goodbye to the youngest child of Rose and Joseph Kennedy. The world will long remember their son Edward as the heir to a weighty legacy; a champion for those who had none; the soul of the Democratic Party; and the lion of the U.S. Senate - a man whose name graces nearly one thousand laws, and who penned more than three hundred himself.

But those of us who loved him, and ache with his passing, know Ted Kennedy by the other titles he held: Father. Brother. Husband. Uncle Teddy, or as he was often known to his younger nieces and nephews, "The Grand Fromage," or "The Big Cheese." I, like so many others in the city where he worked for nearly half a century, knew him as a colleague, a mentor, and above all, a friend.

Ted Kennedy was the baby of the family who became its patriarch; the restless dreamer who became its rock. He was the sunny, joyful child, who bore the brunt of his brothers' teasing, but learned quickly how to brush it off. When they tossed him off a boat because he didn't know what a jib was, six-year-old Teddy got back in and learned to sail. When a photographer asked the newly-elected Bobby to step back at a press conference because he was casting a shadow on his younger brother, Teddy quipped, "It'll be the same in Washington."

This spirit of resilience and good humor would see Ted Kennedy through more pain and tragedy than most of us will ever know. He lost two siblings by the age of sixteen. He saw two more taken violently from the country that loved them. He said goodbye to his beloved sister, Eunice, in the final days of his own life. He narrowly survived a plane crash, watched two children struggle with cancer, buried three nephews, and experienced personal failings and setbacks in the most public way possible.

It is a string of events that would have broken a lesser man. And it would have been easy for Teddy to let himself become bitter and hardened; to surrender to self-pity and regret; to retreat from public life and live out his years in peaceful quiet. No one would have blamed him for that.

But that was not Ted Kennedy. As he told us, "...[I]ndividual faults and frailties are no excuse to give in - and no exemption from the common obligation to give of ourselves." Indeed, Ted was the "Happy Warrior" that the poet William Wordsworth spoke of when he wrote:

As tempted more; more able to endure,

As more exposed to suffering and distress;

Thence, also, more alive to tenderness.

Through his own suffering, Ted Kennedy became more alive to the plight and suffering of others - the sick child who could not see a doctor; the young soldier sent to battle without armor; the citizen denied her rights because of what she looks like or who she loves or where she comes from. The landmark laws that he championed -- the Civil Rights Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, immigration reform, children's health care, the Family and Medical Leave Act -all have a running thread. Ted Kennedy's life's work was not to champion those with wealth or power or special connections. It was to give a voice to those who were not heard; to add a rung to the ladder of opportunity; to make real the dream of our founding. He was given the gift of time that his brothers were not, and he used that gift to touch as many lives and right as many wrongs as the years would allow.

We can still hear his voice bellowing through the Senate chamber, face reddened, fist pounding the podium, a veritable force of nature, in support of health care or workers' rights or civil rights. And yet, while his causes became deeply personal, his disagreements never did. While he was seen by his fiercest critics as a partisan lightning rod, that is not the prism through which Ted Kennedy saw the world, nor was it the prism through which his colleagues saw him. He was a product of an age when the joy and nobility of politics prevented differences of party and philosophy from becoming barriers to cooperation and mutual respect - a time when adversaries still saw each other as patriots.

And that's how Ted Kennedy became the greatest legislator of our time. He did it by hewing to principle, but also by seeking compromise and common cause - not through deal-making and horse-trading alone, but through friendship, and kindness, and humor. There was the time he courted Orrin Hatch's support for the Children's Health Insurance Program by having his Chief of Staff serenade the Senator with a song Orrin had written himself; the time he delivered shamrock cookies on a china plate to sweeten up a crusty Republican colleague; and the famous story of how he won the support of a Texas Committee Chairman on an immigration bill. Teddy walked into a meeting with a plain manila envelope, and showed only the Chairman that it was filled with the Texan's favorite cigars. When the negotiations were going well, he would inch the envelope closer to the Chairman. When they weren't, he would pull it back. Before long, the deal was done.

It was only a few years ago, on St. Patrick's Day, when Teddy buttonholed me on the floor of the Senate for my support on a certain piece of legislation that was coming up for vote. I gave him my pledge, but expressed my skepticism that it would pass. But when the roll call was over, the bill garnered the votes it needed, and then some. I looked at Teddy with astonishment and asked how he had pulled it off. He just patted me on the back, and said "Luck of the Irish!"

Of course, luck had little to do with Ted Kennedy's legislative success, and he knew that. A few years ago, his father-in-law told him that he and Daniel Webster just might be the two greatest senators of all time. Without missing a beat, Teddy replied, "What did Webster do?"

But though it is Ted Kennedy's historic body of achievements we will remember, it is his giving heart that we will miss. It was the friend and colleague who was always the first to pick up the phone and say, "I'm sorry for your loss," or "I hope you feel better," or "What can I do to help?" It was the boss who was so adored by his staff that over five hundred spanning five decades showed up for his 75th birthday party. It was the man who sent birthday wishes and thank you notes and even his own paintings to so many who never imagined that a U.S. Senator would take the time to think about someone like them. I have one of those paintings in my private study - a Cape Cod seascape that was a gift to a freshman legislator who happened to admire it when Ted Kennedy welcomed him into his office the first week he arrived in Washington; by the way, that's my second favorite gift from Teddy and Vicki after our dog Bo. And it seems like everyone has one of those stories - the ones that often start with "You wouldn't believe who called me today."

Ted Kennedy was the father who looked after not only his own three children, but John's and Bobby's as well. He took them camping and taught them to sail. He laughed and danced with them at birthdays and weddings; cried and mourned with them through hardship and tragedy; and passed on that same sense of service and selflessness that his parents had instilled in him. Shortly after Ted walked Caroline down the aisle and gave her away at the altar, he received a note from Jackie that read, "On you the carefree youngest brother fell a burden a hero would have begged to be spared. We are all going to make it because you were always there with your love."

Not only did the Kennedy family make it because of Ted's love - he made it because of theirs; and especially because of the love and the life he found in Vicki. After so much loss and so much sorrow, it could not have been easy for Ted Kennedy to risk his heart again. That he did is a testament to how deeply he loved this remarkable woman from Louisiana. And she didn't just love him back. As Ted would often acknowledge, Vicki saved him. She gave him strength and purpose; joy and friendship; and stood by him always, especially in those last, hardest days.

We cannot know for certain how long we have here. We cannot foresee the trials or misfortunes that will test us along the way. We cannot know God's plan for us.

What we can do is to live out our lives as best we can with purpose, and love, and joy. We can use each day to show those who are closest to us how much we care about them, and treat others with the kindness and respect that we wish for ourselves. We can learn from our mistakes and grow from our failures. And we can strive at all costs to make a better world, so that someday, if we are blessed with the chance to look back on our time here, we can know that we spent it well; that we made a difference; that our fleeting presence had a lasting impact on the lives of other human beings.

This is how Ted Kennedy lived. This is his legacy. He once said of his brother Bobby that he need not be idealized or enlarged in death beyond what he was in life, and I imagine he would say the same about himself. The greatest expectations were placed upon Ted Kennedy's shoulders because of who he was, but he surpassed them all because of who he became. We do not weep for him today because of the prestige attached to his name or his office. We weep because we loved this kind and tender hero who persevered through pain and tragedy - not for the sake of ambition or vanity; not for wealth or power; but only for the people and the country he loved.

In the days after September 11th, Teddy made it a point to personally call each one of the 177 families of this state who lost a loved one in the attack. But he didn't stop there. He kept calling and checking up on them. He fought through red tape to get them assistance and grief counseling. He invited them sailing, played with their children, and would write each family a letter whenever the anniversary of that terrible day came along. To one widow, he wrote the following:

"As you know so well, the passage of time never really heals the tragic memory of such a great loss, but we carry on, because we have to, because our loved one would want us to, and because there is still light to guide us in the world from the love they gave us."

We carry on.

Ted Kennedy has gone home now, guided by his faith and by the light of those he has loved and lost. At last he is with them once more, leaving those of us who grieve his passing with the memories he gave, the good he did, the dream he kept alive, and a single, enduring image - the image of a man on a boat; white mane tousled; smiling broadly as he sails into the wind, ready for what storms may come, carrying on toward some new and wondrous place just beyond the horizon. May God Bless Ted Kennedy, and may he rest in eternal peace.

Hello, everybody! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. All right, everybody go ahead and have a seat. How is everybody doing today? How about Tim Spicer? I am here with students at Wakefield High School in Arlington, Virginia. And we've got students tuning in from all across America, from kindergarten through 12th grade. And I am just so glad that all could join us today. And I want to thank Wakefield for being such an outstanding host. Give yourselves a big round of applause.

I know that for many of you, today is the first day of school. And for those of you in kindergarten, or starting middle or high school, it's your first day in a new school, so it's understandable if you're a little nervous. I imagine there are some seniors out there who are feeling pretty good right now -- with just one more year to go. And no matter what grade you're in, some of you are probably wishing it were still summer and you could've stayed in bed just a little bit longer this morning.

I know that feeling. When I was young, my family lived overseas. I lived in Indonesia for a few years. And my mother, she didn't have the money to send me where all the American kids went to school, but she thought it was important for me to keep up with an American education. So she decided to teach me extra lessons herself, Monday through Friday. But because she had to go to work, the only time she could do it was at 4:30 in the morning.

Now, as you might imagine, I wasn't too happy about getting up that early. And a lot of times, I'd fall asleep right there at the kitchen table. But whenever I'd complain, my mother would just give me one of those looks and she'd say, "This is no picnic for me either, buster."

So I know that some of you are still adjusting to being back at school. But I'm here today because I have something important to discuss with you. I'm here because I want to talk with you about your education and what's expected of all of you in this new school year.

Now, I've given a lot of speeches about education. And I've talked about responsibility a lot.

I've talked about teachers' responsibility for inspiring students and pushing you to learn.

I've talked about your parents' responsibility for making sure you stay on track, and you get your homework done, and don't spend every waking hour in front of the TV or with the Xbox.

I've talked a lot about your government's responsibility for setting high standards, and supporting teachers and principals, and turning around schools that aren't working, where students aren't getting the opportunities that they deserve.

But at the end of the day, we can have the most dedicated teachers, the most supportive parents, the best schools in the world -- and none of it will make a difference, none of it will matter unless all of you fulfill your responsibilities, unless you show up to those schools, unless you pay attention to those teachers, unless you listen to your parents and grandparents and other adults and put in the hard work it takes to succeed. That's what I want to focus on today: the responsibility each of you has for your education.

I want to start with the responsibility you have to yourself. Every single one of you has something that you're good at. Every single one of you has something to offer. And you have a responsibility to yourself to discover what that is. That's the opportunity an education can provide.

Maybe you could be a great writer -- maybe even good enough to write a book or articles in a newspaper -- but you might not know it until you write that English paper -- that English class paper that's assigned to you. Maybe you could be an innovator or an inventor -- maybe even good enough to come up with the next iPhone or the new medicine or vaccine -- but you might not know it until you do your project for your science class. Maybe you could be a mayor or a senator or a Supreme Court justice -- but you might not know that until you join student government or the debate team.

And no matter what you want to do with your life, I guarantee that you'll need an education to do it. You want to be a doctor, or a teacher, or a police officer? You want to be a nurse or an architect, a lawyer or a member of our military? You're going to need a good education for every single one of those careers. You cannot drop out of school and just drop into a good job. You've got to train for it and work for it and learn for it.

And this isn't just important for your own life and your own future. What you make of your education will decide nothing less than the future of this country. The future of America depends on you. What you're learning in school today will determine whether we as a nation can meet our greatest challenges in the future.

You'll need the knowledge and problem-solving skills you learn in science and math to cure diseases like cancer and AIDS, and to develop new energy technologies and protect our environment. You'll need the insights and critical-thinking skills you gain in history and social studies to fight poverty and homelessness, crime and discrimination, and make our nation more fair and more free. You'll need the creativity and ingenuity you develop in all your classes to build new companies that will create new jobs and boost our economy.

We need every single one of you to develop your talents and your skills and your intellect so you can help us old folks solve our most difficult problems. If you don't do that -- if you quit on school -- you're not just quitting on yourself, you're quitting on your country.

Now, I know it's not always easy to do well in school. I know a lot of you have challenges in your lives right now that can make it hard to focus on your schoolwork.

I get it. I know what it's like. My father left my family when I was two years old, and I was raised by a single mom who had to work and who struggled at times to pay the bills and wasn't always able to give us the things that other kids had. There were times when I missed having a father in my life. There were times when I was lonely and I felt like I didn't fit in.

So I wasn't always as focused as I should have been on school, and I did some things I'm not proud of, and I got in more trouble than I should have. And my life could have easily taken a turn for the worse.

But I was -- I was lucky. I got a lot of second chances, and I had the opportunity to go to college and law school and follow my dreams. My wife, our First Lady Michelle Obama, she has a similar story. Neither of her parents had gone to college, and they didn't have a lot of money. But they worked hard, and she worked hard, so that she could go to the best schools in this country.

Some of you might not have those advantages. Maybe you don't have adults in your life who give you the support that you need. Maybe someone in your family has lost their job and there's not enough money to go around. Maybe you live in a neighborhood where you don't feel safe, or have friends who are pressuring you to do things you know aren't right.

But at the end of the day, the circumstances of your life -- what you look like, where you come from, how much money you have, what you've got going on at home -- none of that is an excuse for neglecting your homework or having a bad attitude in school. That's no excuse for talking back to your teacher, or cutting class, or dropping out of school. There is no excuse for not trying.

Where you are right now doesn't have to determine where you'll end up. No one's written your destiny for you, because here in America, you write your own destiny. You make your own future.

That's what young people like you are doing every day, all across America.

Young people like Jazmin Perez, from Roma, Texas. Jazmin didn't speak English when she first started school. Neither of her parents had gone to college. But she worked hard, earned good grades, and got a scholarship to Brown University -- is now in graduate school, studying public health, on her way to becoming Dr. Jazmin Perez.

I'm thinking about Andoni Schultz, from Los Altos, California, who's fought brain cancer since he was three. He's had to endure all sorts of treatments and surgeries, one of which affected his memory, so it took him much longer -- hundreds of extra hours -- to do his schoolwork. But he never fell behind. He's headed to college this fall.

And then there's Shantell Steve, from my hometown of Chicago, Illinois. Even when bouncing from foster home to foster home in the toughest neighborhoods in the city, she managed to get a job at a local health care center, start a program to keep young people out of gangs, and she's on track to graduate high school with honors and go on to college.

And Jazmin, Andoni, and Shantell aren't any different from any of you. They face challenges in their lives just like you do. In some cases they've got it a lot worse off than many of you. But they refused to give up. They chose to take responsibility for their lives, for their education, and set goals for themselves. And I expect all of you to do the same.

That's why today I'm calling on each of you to set your own goals for your education -- and do everything you can to meet them. Your goal can be something as simple as doing all your homework, paying attention in class, or spending some time each day reading a book. Maybe you'll decide to get involved in an extracurricular activity, or volunteer in your community. Maybe you'll decide to stand up for kids who are being teased or bullied because of who they are or how they look, because you believe, like I do, that all young people deserve a safe environment to study and learn. Maybe you'll decide to take better care of yourself so you can be more ready to learn. And along those lines, by the way, I hope all of you are washing your hands a lot, and that you stay home from school when you don't feel well, so we can keep people from getting the flu this fall and winter.

But whatever you resolve to do, I want you to commit to it. I want you to really work at it.

I know that sometimes you get that sense from TV that you can be rich and successful without any hard work -- that your ticket to success is through rapping or basketball or being a reality TV star. Chances are you're not going to be any of those things.

The truth is, being successful is hard. You won't love every subject that you study. You won't click with every teacher that you have. Not every homework assignment will seem completely relevant to your life right at this minute. And you won't necessarily succeed at everything the first time you try.

That's okay. Some of the most successful people in the world are the ones who've had the most failures. J.K. Rowling's -- who wrote Harry Potter -- her first Harry Potter book was rejected 12 times before it was finally published. Michael Jordan was cut from his high school basketball team. He lost hundreds of games and missed thousands of shots during his career. But he once said, "I have failed over and over and over again in my life. And that's why I succeed."

These people succeeded because they understood that you can't let your failures define you -- you have to let your failures teach you. You have to let them show you what to do differently the next time. So if you get into trouble, that doesn't mean you're a troublemaker, it means you need to try harder to act right. If you get a bad grade, that doesn't mean you're stupid, it just means you need to spend more time studying.

No one's born being good at all things. You become good at things through hard work. You're not a varsity athlete the first time you play a new sport. You don't hit every note the first time you sing a song. You've got to practice. The same principle applies to your schoolwork. You might have to do a math problem a few times before you get it right. You might have to read something a few times before you understand it. You definitely have to do a few drafts of a paper before it's good enough to hand in.

Don't be afraid to ask questions. Don't be afraid to ask for help when you need it. I do that every day. Asking for help isn't a sign of weakness, it's a sign of strength because it shows you have the courage to admit when you don't know something, and that then allows you to learn something new. So find an adult that you trust -- a parent, a grandparent or teacher, a coach or a counselor -- and ask them to help you stay on track to meet your goals.

And even when you're struggling, even when you're discouraged, and you feel like other people have given up on you, don't ever give up on yourself, because when you give up on yourself, you give up on your country.

The story of America isn't about people who quit when things got tough. It's about people who kept going, who tried harder, who loved their country too much to do anything less than their best.

It's the story of students who sat where you sit 250 years ago, and went on to wage a revolution and they founded this nation. Young people. Students who sat where you sit 75 years ago who overcame a Depression and won a world war; who fought for civil rights and put a man on the moon. Students who sat where you sit 20 years ago who founded Google and Twitter and Facebook and changed the way we communicate with each other.

So today, I want to ask all of you, what's your contribution going to be? What problems are you going to solve? What discoveries will you make? What will a President who comes here in 20 or 50 or 100 years say about what all of you did for this country?

Now, your families, your teachers, and I are doing everything we can to make sure you have the education you need to answer these questions. I'm working hard to fix up your classrooms and get you the books and the equipment and the computers you need to learn. But you've got to do your part, too. So I expect all of you to get serious this year. I expect you to put your best effort into everything you do. I expect great things from each of you. So don't let us down. Don't let your family down or your country down. Most of all, don't let yourself down. Make us all proud.

Thank you very much, everybody.

God bless you. God bless America.

Thank you.

To Chip, Kathy, and Nancy, who graciously shared your father with a nation that loved him; to Walter's friends, colleagues, protégés, and all who considered him a hero; to the men of the Intrepid; to all of you who are gathered here today; I am honored to be here to pay tribute to the life and times of the man who chronicled our time.

I did not know Mr. Cronkite personally.  And my regret is made more acute by the stories that have been shared here today. Nor, for that matter, did I know him any better than the tens of millions who turned to him each night in search of the answer to a simple question:  "What happened today?"  But like them and like all of you, I have benefited as a citizen from his dogged pursuit of the truth, his passionate defense of objective reporting, and his view that journalism is more than just a profession; it is a public good vital to our democracy.

Even in his early career, Walter Cronkite resisted the temptation to get the story first in favor of getting it right.  He wanted to get it first, but he understood the importance of getting it right.  During one of his first jobs in Kansas City, Walter's program manager urged him to go on the air reporting a massive blaze -- and we just heard how much he loved fires -- a massive blaze at city hall that had already claimed lives.  When Walter reached for the telephone, his boss asked, "What are you doing; get on the air!"  Walter replied that he was calling the fire department to confirm the story.  "You don't need to confirm it," the manager shouted, "my wife is watching the whole thing!"

Needless to say, Walter made the call, and even as the program manager took to the air himself to broadcast the unfolding tragedy, Walter discovered that it had been nothing more than a small fire that hadn't resulted in any injuries.  He lost his job -- but he got the story right.

Walter wasn't afraid to rattle the high and the mighty, either; but he never dared to compromise his integrity.  He got along with elected officials, even if they were wary of one another's motives.  One politician once remarked, "Walter, my friend, you've got to believe me, fully 85 percent of everything I told you today is the absolute truth."

He shared a complicated relationship with Presidents of both parties, who wanted him on their side even as they were convinced that he wasn't.  President Johnson called Walter after the evening news from time to time to voice his displeasure over a certain story.  But Walter knew that if he was receiving vociferous complaints from both sides, he must be doing his job.

His endless inquisitiveness about our world, I can imagine, came from a mother who sold encyclopedias for a living.  As a boy, Walter spent countless hours getting lost within their pages, endlessly sidetracked by new and interesting entries that branched off from one another, fascinated by the world around us and how it worked.

And that's the way he lived his life -- with curiosity, exploring our planet, seeking to make sense of it and explaining it to others.  He went everywhere and he did everything.  He raced cars and boats; he traveled everywhere from the Amazon to the Arctic; he plunged 8,000 feet below the sea, trekked 18,000 feet up into the Himalayas, and experienced weightlessness in the upper reaches of our atmosphere -- all with one mission:  to make it come alive for the rest of us.

And as our world began to change, he helped us understand those changes.  He was forever there, reporting through world war and cold war; marches and milestones; scandal and success; calmly and authoritatively telling us what we needed to know.  He was a voice of certainty in a world that was growing more and more uncertain.  And through it all, he never lost the integrity or the plainspoken speaking style that he gained growing up in the heartland.  He was a familiar and welcome voice that spoke to each and every one of us personally.

So it may have seemed inevitable that he was named the most trusted man in America.  But here's the thing:  That title wasn't bestowed on him by a network.  We weren't told to believe it by some advertising campaign.  It was earned.  It was earned by year after year and decade after decade of painstaking effort; a commitment to fundamental values; his belief that the American people were hungry for the truth, unvarnished and unaccompanied by theatre or spectacle.  He didn't believe in dumbing down.  He trusted us.

When he was told of this extraordinary honor that he was the most trusted man in America, he naturally downplayed it by saying the people had not polled his wife.  When people of both political parties actually tried to recruit him to run for office, without even asking for his stances on the issues, he said no -- to the relief of all potential opponents.  And when, even a decade and a half after his retirement, he still ranked first in seven of eight categories for television journalists, he was disbelieving that he hadn't won the eighth category, "attractiveness."

Through all the events that came to define the 20th century, through all our moments of deepest hurt and brightest hope, Walter Cronkite was there, telling the story of the American age.

And this is how we remember him today.  But we also remember and celebrate the journalism that Walter practiced -- a standard of honesty and integrity and responsibility to which so many of you have committed your careers.  It's a standard that's a little bit harder to find today.  We know that this is a difficult time for journalism.  Even as appetites for news and information grow, newsrooms are closing.  Despite the big stories of our era, serious journalists find themselves all too often without a beat. Just as the news cycle has shrunk, so has the bottom line.

And too often, we fill that void with instant commentary and celebrity gossip and the softer stories that Walter disdained, rather than the hard news and investigative journalism he championed.  "What happened today?" is replaced with "Who won today?"  The public debate cheapens.  The public trust falters.  We fail to understand our world or one another as well as we should –- and that has real consequences in our own lives and in the life of our nation.  We seem stuck with a choice between what cuts to our bottom line and what harms us as a society.  Which price is higher to pay?  Which cost is harder to bear?

"This democracy," Walter said, "cannot function without a reasonably well-informed electorate."  That's why the honest, objective, meticulous reporting that so many of you pursue with the same zeal that Walter did is so vital to our democracy and our society:  Our future depends on it. 

Walter was no naive idealist.  He understood the challenges and the pressures and the temptations facing journalism in this new era.  He believed that a media company has an obligation to pursue a profit, but also an obligation to invest a good chunk of that profit back into news and public affairs.  He was excited about all the stories that a high-tech world of journalism would be able to tell, and all the newly-emerging means with which to tell it.

Naturally, we find ourselves wondering how he would have covered the monumental stories of our time.  In an era where the news that city hall is on fire can sweep around the world at the speed of the Internet, would he still have called to double-check?  Would he have been able to cut through the murky noise of the blogs and the tweets and the sound bites to shine the bright light on substance?  Would he still offer the perspective that we value?  Would he have been able to remain a singular figure in an age of dwindling attention spans and omnipresent media?

And somehow, we know that the answer is yes.  The simple values Walter Cronkite set out in pursuit of -- to seek the truth, to keep us honest, to explore our world the best he could -- they are as vital today as they ever were.

Our American story continues.  It needs to be told.  And if we choose to live up to Walter's example, if we realize that the kind of journalism he embodied will not simply rekindle itself as part of a natural cycle, but will come alive only if we stand up and demand it and resolve to value it once again, then I'm convinced that the choice between profit and progress is a false one -- and that the golden days of journalism still lie ahead.

Walter Cronkite invited a nation to believe in him -- and he never betrayed that trust.  That's why so many of you entered the profession in the first place.  That's why the standards he set for journalists still stand.  And that's why he loved and valued all of you, but we loved and valued Walter not only as the rarest of men, but as an indispensable pillar of our society.

He's reunited with his beloved Betsy now, watching the stories of this century unfold with boundless optimism -- every so often punctuating the air with a gleeful "oh, boy!"  We are grateful to him for altering and illuminating our time, and for the opportunity he gave to us to say that, yes, we, too, were there.

Thank you very much.

Madam Speaker, Vice President Biden, members of Congress, and the American people:

When I spoke here last winter, this nation was facing the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.  We were losing an average of 700,000 jobs per month.  Credit was frozen.  And our financial system was on the verge of collapse. 

As any American who is still looking for work or a way to pay their bills will tell you, we are by no means out of the woods.  A full and vibrant recovery is still many months away.  And I will not let up until those Americans who seek jobs can find them -- until those businesses that seek capital and credit can thrive; until all responsible homeowners can stay in their homes.  That is our ultimate goal.  But thanks to the bold and decisive action we've taken since January, I can stand here with confidence and say that we have pulled this economy back from the brink.

I want to thank the members of this body for your efforts and your support in these last several months, and especially those who've taken the difficult votes that have put us on a path to recovery.  I also want to thank the American people for their patience and resolve during this trying time for our nation. 

But we did not come here just to clean up crises.  We came here to build a future. So tonight, I return to speak to all of you about an issue that is central to that future -- and that is the issue of health care. 

I am not the first President to take up this cause, but I am determined to be the last.  It has now been nearly a century since Theodore Roosevelt first called for health care reform.  And ever since, nearly every President and Congress, whether Democrat or Republican, has attempted to meet this challenge in some way.  A bill for comprehensive health reform was first introduced by John Dingell Sr. in 1943.  Sixty-five years later, his son continues to introduce that same bill at the beginning of each session.

Our collective failure to meet this challenge -- year after year, decade after decade -- has led us to the breaking point.  Everyone understands the extraordinary hardships that are placed on the uninsured, who live every day just one accident or illness away from bankruptcy.  These are not primarily people on welfare.  These are middle-class Americans.  Some can't get insurance on the job.  Others are self-employed, and can't afford it, since buying insurance on your own costs you three times as much as the coverage you get from your employer.  Many other Americans who are willing and able to pay are still denied insurance due to previous illnesses or conditions that insurance companies decide are too risky or too expensive to cover. 

We are the only democracy -- the only advanced democracy on Earth -- the only wealthy nation -- that allows such hardship for millions of its people.  There are now more than 30 million American citizens who cannot get coverage.  In just a two-year period, one in every three Americans goes without health care coverage at some point.  And every day, 14,000 Americans lose their coverage.  In other words, it can happen to anyone.

But the problem that plagues the health care system is not just a problem for the uninsured.  Those who do have insurance have never had less security and stability than they do today.   More and more Americans worry that if you move, lose your job, or change your job, you'll lose your health insurance too.  More and more Americans pay their premiums, only to discover that their insurance company has dropped their coverage when they get sick, or won't pay the full cost of care.  It happens every day.

One man from Illinois lost his coverage in the middle of chemotherapy because his insurer found that he hadn't reported gallstones that he didn't even know about.  They delayed his treatment, and he died because of it.  Another woman from Texas was about to get a double mastectomy when her insurance company canceled her policy because she forgot to declare a case of acne.  By the time she had her insurance reinstated, her breast cancer had more than doubled in size.  That is heart-breaking, it is wrong, and no one should be treated that way in the United States of America.

Then there's the problem of rising cost.  We spend one and a half times more per person on health care than any other country, but we aren't any healthier for it.  This is one of the reasons that insurance premiums have gone up three times faster than wages.  It's why so many employers -- especially small businesses -- are forcing their employees to pay more for insurance, or are dropping their coverage entirely.  It's why so many aspiring entrepreneurs cannot afford to open a business in the first place, and why American businesses that compete internationally -- like our automakers -- are at a huge disadvantage.  And it's why those of us with health insurance are also paying a hidden and growing tax for those without it -- about $1,000 per year that pays for somebody else's emergency room and charitable care. 

Finally, our health care system is placing an unsustainable burden on taxpayers.  When health care costs grow at the rate they have, it puts greater pressure on programs like Medicare and Medicaid.  If we do nothing to slow these skyrocketing costs, we will eventually be spending more on Medicare and Medicaid than every other government program combined.  Put simply, our health care problem is our deficit problem.  Nothing else even comes close.  Nothing else.

Now, these are the facts.  Nobody disputes them.  We know we must reform this system.  The question is how. 

There are those on the left who believe that the only way to fix the system is through a single-payer system like Canada's -- where we would severely restrict the private insurance market and have the government provide coverage for everybody.  On the right, there are those who argue that we should end employer-based systems and leave individuals to buy health insurance on their own.

I've said -- I have to say that there are arguments to be made for both these approaches.  But either one would represent a radical shift that would disrupt the health care most people currently have.  Since health care represents one-sixth of our economy, I believe it makes more sense to build on what works and fix what doesn't, rather than try to build an entirely new system from scratch. And that is precisely what those of you in Congress have tried to do over the past several months. 

During that time, we've seen Washington at its best and at its worst. 

We've seen many in this chamber work tirelessly for the better part of this year to offer thoughtful ideas about how to achieve reform.  Of the five committees asked to develop bills, four have completed their work, and the Senate Finance Committee announced today that it will move forward next week.  That has never happened before.  Our overall efforts have been supported by an unprecedented coalition of doctors and nurses; hospitals, seniors' groups, and even drug companies -- many of whom opposed reform in the past.  And there is agreement in this chamber on about 80 percent of what needs to be done, putting us closer to the goal of reform than we have ever been. 

But what we've also seen in these last months is the same partisan spectacle that only hardens the disdain many Americans have towards their own government.  Instead of honest debate, we've seen scare tactics.  Some have dug into unyielding ideological camps that offer no hope of compromise.  Too many have used this as an opportunity to score short-term political points, even if it robs the country of our opportunity to solve a long-term challenge.  And out of this blizzard of charges and counter-charges, confusion has reigned. 

Well, the time for bickering is over.  The time for games has passed.  Now is the season for action.  Now is when we must bring the best ideas of both parties together, and show the American people that we can still do what we were sent here to do.  Now is the time to deliver on health care.  Now is the time to deliver on health care.   

The plan I'm announcing tonight would meet three basic goals.  It will provide more security and stability to those who have health insurance.  It will provide insurance for those who don't.  And it will slow the growth of health care costs for our families, our businesses, and our government.  It's a plan that asks everyone to take responsibility for meeting this challenge -- not just government, not just insurance companies, but everybody including employers and individuals.  And it's a plan that incorporates ideas from senators and congressmen, from Democrats and Republicans -- and yes, from some of my opponents in both the primary and general election.   

Here are the details that every American needs to know about this plan.  First, if you are among the hundreds of millions of Americans who already have health insurance through your job, or Medicare, or Medicaid, or the VA, nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have. Let me repeat this:  Nothing in our plan requires you to change what you have. 

What this plan will do is make the insurance you have work better for you.  Under this plan, it will be against the law for insurance companies to deny you coverage because of a preexisting condition.  As soon as I sign this bill, it will be against the law for insurance companies to drop your coverage when you get sick or water it down when you need it the most. They will no longer be able to place some arbitrary cap on the amount of coverage you can receive in a given year or in a lifetime. We will place a limit on how much you can be charged for out-of-pocket expenses, because in the United States of America, no one should go broke because they get sick.  And insurance companies will be required to cover, with no extra charge, routine checkups and preventive care, like mammograms and colonoscopies -- because there's no reason we shouldn't be catching diseases like breast cancer and colon cancer before they get worse.  That makes sense, it saves money, and it saves lives.

Now, that's what Americans who have health insurance can expect from this plan -- more security and more stability. 

Now, if you're one of the tens of millions of Americans who don't currently have health insurance, the second part of this plan will finally offer you quality, affordable choices. If you lose your job or you change your job, you'll be able to get coverage.  If you strike out on your own and start a small business, you'll be able to get coverage.  We'll do this by creating a new insurance exchange -- a marketplace where individuals and small businesses will be able to shop for health insurance at competitive prices.  Insurance companies will have an incentive to participate in this exchange because it lets them compete for millions of new customers.  As one big group, these customers will have greater leverage to bargain with the insurance companies for better prices and quality coverage.  This is how large companies and government employees get affordable insurance.  It's how everyone in this Congress gets affordable insurance.  And it's time to give every American the same opportunity that we give ourselves.

Now, for those individuals and small businesses who still can't afford the lower-priced insurance available in the exchange, we'll provide tax credits, the size of which will be based on your need.  And all insurance companies that want access to this new marketplace will have to abide by the consumer protections I already mentioned.  This exchange will take effect in four years, which will give us time to do it right.  In the meantime, for those Americans who can't get insurance today because they have preexisting medical conditions, we will immediately offer low-cost coverage that will protect you against financial ruin if you become seriously ill. This was a good idea when Senator John McCain proposed it in the campaign, it's a good idea now, and we should all embrace it.

Now, even if we provide these affordable options, there may be those -- especially the young and the healthy -- who still want to take the risk and go without coverage.  There may still be companies that refuse to do right by their workers by giving them coverage.  The problem is, such irresponsible behavior costs all the rest of us money.  If there are affordable options and people still don't sign up for health insurance, it means we pay for these people's expensive emergency room visits.  If some businesses don't provide workers health care, it forces the rest of us to pick up the tab when their workers get sick, and gives those businesses an unfair advantage over their competitors.  And unless everybody does their part, many of the insurance reforms we seek -- especially requiring insurance companies to cover preexisting conditions -- just can't be achieved. 

And that's why under my plan, individuals will be required to carry basic health insurance -- just as most states require you to carry auto insurance. Likewise -- likewise, businesses will be required to either offer their workers health care, or chip in to help cover the cost of their workers.  There will be a hardship waiver for those individuals who still can't afford coverage, and 95 percent of all small businesses, because of their size and narrow profit margin, would be exempt from these requirements. But we can't have large businesses and individuals who can afford coverage game the system by avoiding responsibility to themselves or their employees.  Improving our health care system only works if everybody does their part.

And while there remain some significant details to be ironed out, I believe -- I believe a broad consensus exists for the aspects of the plan I just outlined:  consumer protections for those with insurance, an exchange that allows individuals and small businesses to purchase affordable coverage, and a requirement that people who can afford insurance get insurance.

And I have no doubt that these reforms would greatly benefit Americans from all walks of life, as well as the economy as a whole.  Still, given all the misinformation that's been spread over the past few months, I realize --I realize that many Americans have grown nervous about reform.  So tonight I want to address some of the key controversies that are still out there. 

Some of people's concerns have grown out of bogus claims spread by those whose only agenda is to kill reform at any cost.  The best example is the claim made not just by radio and cable talk show hosts, but by prominent politicians, that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to kill off senior citizens.  Now, such a charge would be laughable if it weren't so cynical and irresponsible.  It is a lie, plain and simple.

There are also those who claim that our reform efforts would insure illegal immigrants.  This, too, is false.  The reforms -- the reforms I'm proposing would not apply to those who are here illegally. 

Rep. Joe Wilson, R-South Carolina:  You lie! 

President Obama:  It's not true.  And one more misunderstanding I want to clear up -- under our plan, no federal dollars will be used to fund abortions, and federal conscience laws will remain in place. 

Now, my health care proposal has also been attacked by some who oppose reform as a "government takeover" of the entire health care system.  As proof, critics point to a provision in our plan that allows the uninsured and small businesses to choose a publicly sponsored insurance option, administered by the government just like Medicaid or Medicare.

So let me set the record straight here.  My guiding principle is, and always has been, that consumers do better when there is choice and competition.  That's how the market works.  Unfortunately, in 34 states, 75 percent of the insurance market is controlled by five or fewer companies.  In Alabama, almost 90 percent is controlled by just one company.  And without competition, the price of insurance goes up and quality goes down.  And it makes it easier for insurance companies to treat their customers badly -- by cherry-picking the healthiest individuals and trying to drop the sickest, by overcharging small businesses who have no leverage, and by jacking up rates.

Insurance executives don't do this because they're bad people; they do it because it's profitable.  As one former insurance executive testified before Congress, insurance companies are not only encouraged to find reasons to drop the seriously ill, they are rewarded for it.  All of this is in service of meeting what this former executive called "Wall Street's relentless profit expectations."

Now, I have no interest in putting insurance companies out of business.  They provide a legitimate service, and employ a lot of our friends and neighbors.  I just want to hold them accountable. And the insurance reforms that I've already mentioned would do just that.  But an additional step we can take to keep insurance companies honest is by making a not-for-profit public option available in the insurance exchange. Now, let me be clear.  Let me be clear.  It would only be an option for those who don't have insurance.  No one would be forced to choose it, and it would not impact those of you who already have insurance.  In fact, based on Congressional Budget Office estimates, we believe that less than 5 percent of Americans would sign up.

Despite all this, the insurance companies and their allies don't like this idea.  They argue that these private companies can't fairly compete with the government.  And they'd be right if taxpayers were subsidizing this public insurance option.  But they won't be.  I've insisted that like any private insurance company, the public insurance option would have to be self-sufficient and rely on the premiums it collects.  But by avoiding some of the overhead that gets eaten up at private companies by profits and excessive administrative costs and executive salaries, it could provide a good deal for consumers, and would also keep pressure on private insurers to keep their policies affordable and treat their customers better, the same way public colleges and universities provide additional choice and competition to students without in any way inhibiting a vibrant system of private colleges and universities.

Now, it is -- it's worth noting that a strong majority of Americans still favor a public insurance option of the sort I've proposed tonight.  But its impact shouldn't be exaggerated -- by the left or the right or the media.  It is only one part of my plan, and shouldn't be used as a handy excuse for the usual Washington ideological battles.  To my progressive friends, I would remind you that for decades, the driving idea behind reform has been to end insurance company abuses and make coverage available for those without it. The public option -- the public option is only a means to that end -- and we should remain open to other ideas that accomplish our ultimate goal.  And to my Republican friends, I say that rather than making wild claims about a government takeover of health care, we should work together to address any legitimate concerns you may have.

For example -- For example, some have suggested that the public option go into effect only in those markets where insurance companies are not providing affordable policies.  Others have proposed a co-op or another non-profit entity to administer the plan.  These are all constructive ideas worth exploring.  But I will not back down on the basic principle that if Americans can't find affordable coverage, we will provide you with a choice.  And I will make sure that no government bureaucrat or insurance company bureaucrat gets between you and the care that you need.

Finally, let me discuss an issue that is a great concern to me, to members of this chamber, and to the public -- and that's how we pay for this plan. 

And here's what you need to know.  First, I will not sign a plan that adds one dime to our deficits -- either now or in the future. I will not sign it if it adds one dime to the deficit, now or in the future, period.  And to prove that I'm serious, there will be a provision in this plan that requires us to come forward with more spending cuts if the savings we promised don't materialize.  Now, part of the reason I faced a trillion-dollar deficit when I walked in the door of the White House is because too many initiatives over the last decade were not paid for -- from the Iraq war to tax breaks for the wealthy. I will not make that same mistake with health care.  

Second, we've estimated that most of this plan can be paid for by finding savings within the existing health care system, a system that is currently full of waste and abuse.  Right now, too much of the hard-earned savings and tax dollars we spend on health care don't make us any healthier.  That's not my judgment -- it's the judgment of medical professionals across this country.  And this is also true when it comes to Medicare and Medicaid. 

In fact, I want to speak directly to seniors for a moment, because Medicare is another issue that's been subjected to demagoguery and distortion during the course of this debate.

More than four decades ago, this nation stood up for the principle that after a lifetime of hard work, our seniors should not be left to struggle with a pile of medical bills in their later years.  That's how Medicare was born.  And it remains a sacred trust that must be passed down from one generation to the next.  And that is why not a dollar of the Medicare trust fund will be used to pay for this plan.

The only thing this plan would eliminate is the hundreds of billions of dollars in waste and fraud, as well as unwarranted subsidies in Medicare that go to insurance companies -- subsidies that do everything to pad their profits but don't improve the care of seniors.  And we will also create an independent commission of doctors and medical experts charged with identifying more waste in the years ahead.  

Now, these steps will ensure that you -- America's seniors -- get the benefits you've been promised.  They will ensure that Medicare is there for future generations.  And we can use some of the savings to fill the gap in coverage that forces too many seniors to pay thousands of dollars a year out of their own pockets for prescription drugs. That's what this plan will do for you.  So don't pay attention to those scary stories about how your benefits will be cut, especially since some of the same folks who are spreading these tall tales have fought against Medicare in the past and just this year supported a budget that would essentially have turned Medicare into a privatized voucher program.  That will not happen on my watch.  I will protect Medicare.

Now, because Medicare is such a big part of the health care system, making the program more efficient can help usher in changes in the way we deliver health care that can reduce costs for everybody.  We have long known that some places -- like the Intermountain Healthcare in Utah or the Geisinger Health System in rural Pennsylvania -- offer high-quality care at costs below average.  So the commission can help encourage the adoption of these common-sense best practices by doctors and medical professionals throughout the system -- everything from reducing hospital infection rates to encouraging better coordination between teams of doctors. 

Reducing the waste and inefficiency in Medicare and Medicaid will pay for most of this plan.  Now, much of the rest would be paid for with revenues from the very same drug and insurance companies that stand to benefit from tens of millions of new customers.  And this reform will charge insurance companies a fee for their most expensive policies, which will encourage them to provide greater value for the money -- an idea which has the support of Democratic and Republican experts.  And according to these same experts, this modest change could help hold down the cost of health care for all of us in the long run. 

Now, finally, many in this chamber -- particularly on the Republican side of the aisle -- have long insisted that reforming our medical malpractice laws can help bring down the cost of health care. Now -- there you go.  There you go.  Now, I don't believe malpractice reform is a silver bullet, but I've talked to enough doctors to know that defensive medicine may be contributing to unnecessary costs.So I'm proposing that we move forward on a range of ideas about how to put patient safety first and let doctors focus on practicing medicine. I know that the Bush administration considered authorizing demonstration projects in individual states to test these ideas.  I think it's a good idea, and I'm directing my Secretary of Health and Human Services to move forward on this initiative today.

Now, add it all up, and the plan I'm proposing will cost around $900 billion over 10 years -- less than we have spent on the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, and less than the tax cuts for the wealthiest few Americans that Congress passed at the beginning of the previous administration.  Now, most of these costs will be paid for with money already being spent -- but spent badly -- in the existing health care system.  The plan will not add to our deficit.  The middle class will realize greater security, not higher taxes.  And if we are able to slow the growth of health care costs by just one-tenth of 1 percent each year -- one-tenth of 1 percent -- it will actually reduce the deficit by $4 trillion over the long term.

Now, this is the plan I'm proposing.  It's a plan that incorporates ideas from many of the people in this room tonight -- Democrats and Republicans.  And I will continue to seek common ground in the weeks ahead.  If you come to me with a serious set of proposals, I will be there to listen.  My door is always open.

But know this:  I will not waste time with those who have made the calculation that it's better politics to kill this plan than to improve it.  I won't stand by while the special interests use the same old tactics to keep things exactly the way they are.  If you misrepresent what's in this plan, we will call you out. And I will not -- and I will not accept the status quo as a solution.  Not this time.  Not now.

Everyone in this room knows what will happen if we do nothing.  Our deficit will grow.  More families will go bankrupt.  More businesses will close.  More Americans will lose their coverage when they are sick and need it the most.  And more will die as a result.  We know these things to be true. 

That is why we cannot fail.  Because there are too many Americans counting on us to succeed -- the ones who suffer silently, and the ones who shared their stories with us at town halls, in e-mails, and in letters.

I received one of those letters a few days ago.  It was from our beloved friend and colleague, Ted Kennedy.  He had written it back in May, shortly after he was told that his illness was terminal.  He asked that it be delivered upon his death. 

In it, he spoke about what a happy time his last months were, thanks to the love and support of family and friends, his wife, Vicki, his amazing children, who are all here tonight.  And he expressed confidence that this would be the year that health care reform -- "that great unfinished business of our society," he called it -- would finally pass.  He repeated the truth that health care is decisive for our future prosperity, but he also reminded me that "it concerns more than material things."  "What we face," he wrote, "is above all a moral issue; at stake are not just the details of policy, but fundamental principles of social justice and the character of our country."

I've thought about that phrase quite a bit in recent days -- the character of our country.  One of the unique and wonderful things about America has always been our self-reliance, our rugged individualism, our fierce defense of freedom and our healthy skepticism of government.  And figuring out the appropriate size and role of government has always been a source of rigorous and, yes, sometimes angry debate.  That's our history.   

For some of Ted Kennedy's critics, his brand of liberalism represented an affront to American liberty.  In their minds, his passion for universal health care was nothing more than a passion for big government. 

But those of us who knew Teddy and worked with him here -- people of both parties -- know that what drove him was something more.  His friend Orrin Hatch -- he knows that.  They worked together to provide children with health insurance.  His friend John McCain knows that.  They worked together on a Patient's Bill of Rights.  His friend Chuck Grassley knows that.  They worked together to provide health care to children with disabilities. 

On issues like these, Ted Kennedy's passion was born not of some rigid ideology, but of his own experience.  It was the experience of having two children stricken with cancer.  He never forgot the sheer terror and helplessness that any parent feels when a child is badly sick.  And he was able to imagine what it must be like for those without insurance, what it would be like to have to say to a wife or a child or an aging parent, there is something that could make you better, but I just can't afford it. 

That large-heartedness -- that concern and regard for the plight of others -- is not a partisan feeling.  It's not a Republican or a Democratic feeling.  It, too, is part of the American character -- our ability to stand in other people's shoes; a recognition that we are all in this together, and when fortune turns against one of us, others are there to lend a helping hand; a belief that in this country, hard work and responsibility should be rewarded by some measure of security and fair play; and an acknowledgment that sometimes government has to step in to help deliver on that promise.

This has always been the history of our progress.  In 1935, when over half of our seniors could not support themselves and millions had seen their savings wiped away, there were those who argued that Social Security would lead to socialism, but the men and women of Congress stood fast, and we are all the better for it.  In 1965, when some argued that Medicare represented a government takeover of health care, members of Congress -- Democrats and Republicans -- did not back down.  They joined together so that all of us could enter our golden years with some basic peace of mind.  

You see, our predecessors understood that government could not, and should not, solve every problem.  They understood that there are instances when the gains in security from government action are not worth the added constraints on our freedom.  But they also understood that the danger of too much government is matched by the perils of too little; that without the leavening hand of wise policy, markets can crash, monopolies can stifle competition, the vulnerable can be exploited.  And they knew that when any government measure, no matter how carefully crafted or beneficial, is subject to scorn; when any efforts to help people in need are attacked as un-American; when facts and reason are thrown overboard and only timidity passes for wisdom, and we can no longer even engage in a civil conversation with each other over the things that truly matter -- that at that point we don't merely lose our capacity to solve big challenges.  We lose something essential about ourselves.

That was true then.  It remains true today.  I understand how difficult this health care debate has been.  I know that many in this country are deeply skeptical that government is looking out for them.  I understand that the politically safe move would be to kick the can further down the road -- to defer reform one more year, or one more election, or one more term. 

But that is not what the moment calls for.  That's not what we came here to do.  We did not come to fear the future.  We came here to shape it.  I still believe we can act even when it's hard. I still believe -- I still believe that we can act when it's hard.  I still believe we can replace acrimony with civility, and gridlock with progress.  I still believe we can do great things, and that here and now we will meet history's test.

Because that's who we are.  That is our calling.  That is our character.  Thank you, God bless you, and may God bless the United States of America.

Secretary Gates, Admiral Mullen and members of the Armed Forces, fellow Americans, family and friends of those that we lost this day: Michelle and I are deeply humbled to be with you.

Eight Septembers have come and gone. Nearly 3,000 days have passed -- almost one for each of those taken from us. But no turning of the seasons can diminish the pain and the loss of that day. No passage of time and no dark skies can ever dull the meaning of this moment. 

So on this solemn day, at this sacred hour, once more we pause. Once more we pray -- as a nation and as a people; in city streets where our two towers were turned to ashes and dust; in a quiet field where a plane fell from the sky; and here, where a single stone of this building is still blackened by the fires.

We remember with reverence the lives we lost. We read their names. We press their photos to our hearts. And on this day that marks their death, we recall the beauty and meaning of their lives; men and women and children of every color and every creed, from across our nation and from more than 100 others. They were innocent. Harming no one, they went about their daily lives. Gone in a horrible instant, they now "dwell in the House of the Lord forever."

We honor all those who gave their lives so that others might live, and all the survivors who battled burns and wounds and helped each other rebuild their lives; men and women who gave life to that most simple of rules: I am my brother's keeper; I am my sister's keeper.

We pay tribute to the service of a new generation -- young Americans raised in a time of peace and plenty who saw their nation in its hour of need and said, "I choose to serve"; "I will do my part." And once more we grieve. For you and your families, no words can ease the ache of your heart. No deeds can fill the empty places in your homes. But on this day and all that follow, you may find solace in the memory of those you loved, and know that you have the unending support of the American people.

Scripture teaches us a hard truth. The mountains may fall and the earth may give way; the flesh and the heart may fail. But after all our suffering, God and grace will "restore you and make you strong, firm and steadfast." So it is -- so it has been for these families. So it must be for our nation.

Let us renew our resolve against those who perpetrated this barbaric act and who plot against us still. In defense of our nation we will never waver; in pursuit of al Qaeda and its extremist allies, we will never falter.

Let us renew our commitment to all those who serve in our defense -- our courageous men and women in uniform and their families and all those who protect us here at home. Mindful that the work of protecting America is never finished, we will do everything in our power to keep America safe.

Let us renew the true spirit of that day. Not the human capacity for evil, but the human capacity for good. Not the desire to destroy, but the impulse to save, and to serve, and to build. On this first National Day of Service and Remembrance, we can summon once more that ordinary goodness of America -- to serve our communities, to strengthen our country, and to better our world.

Most of all, on a day when others sought to sap our confidence, let us renew our common purpose. Let us remember how we came together as one nation, as one people, as Americans, united not only in our grief, but in our resolve to stand with one another, to stand up for the country we all love.

This may be the greatest lesson of this day, the strongest rebuke to those who attacked us, the highest tribute to those taken from us -- that such sense of purpose need not be a fleeting moment. It can be a lasting virtue.

For through their own lives -- and through you, the loved ones that they left behind -- the men and women who lost their lives eight years ago today leave a legacy that still shines brightly in the darkness, and that calls on all of us to be strong and firm and united. That is our calling today and in all the Septembers still to come.

May God bless you and comfort you. And may God bless the United States of America.

Mr. President, Mr. Secretary General, fellow delegates, ladies and gentlemen:

It is my honor to address you for the first time as the 44th President of the United States.  I -- I come before you humbled by the responsibility that the American people have placed upon me, mindful of the enormous challenges of our moment in history, and determined to act boldly and collectively on behalf of justice and prosperity at home and abroad.

I have been in office for just nine months -- though some days it seems a lot longer.  I am well aware of the expectations that accompany my presidency around the world.  These expectations are not about me.  Rather, they are rooted, I believe, in a discontent with a status quo that has allowed us to be increasingly defined by our differences, and outpaced by our problems.  But they are also rooted in hope -- the hope that real change is possible, and the hope that America will be a leader in bringing about such change.

I took office at a time when many around the world had come to view America with skepticism and distrust.  Part of this was due to misperceptions and misinformation about my country.  Part of this was due to opposition to specific policies, and a belief that on certain critical issues, America has acted unilaterally, without regard for the interests of others.  And this has fed an almost reflexive anti-Americanism, which too often has served as an excuse for collective inaction.

Now, like all of you, my responsibility is to act in the interest of my nation and my people, and I will never apologize for defending those interests.  But it is my deeply held belief that in the year 2009 -- more than at any point in human history -- the interests of nations and peoples are shared.  The religious convictions that we hold in our hearts can forge new bonds among people, or they can tear us apart.  The technology we harness can light the path to peace, or forever darken it.  The energy we use can sustain our planet, or destroy it.  What happens to the hope of a single child -- anywhere -- can enrich our world, or impoverish it.

In this hall, we come from many places, but we share a common future.  No longer do we have the luxury of indulging our differences to the exclusion of the work that we must do together.  I have carried this message from London to Ankara; from Port of Spain to Moscow; from Accra to Cairo; and it is what I will speak about today -- because the time has come for the world to move in a new direction.  We must embrace a new era of engagement based on mutual interest and mutual respect, and our work must begin now.

We know the future will be forged by deeds and not simply words.  Speeches alone will not solve our problems -- it will take persistent action.  For those who question the character and cause of my nation, I ask you to look at the concrete actions we have taken in just nine months.

On my first day in office, I prohibited -- without exception or equivocation -- the use of torture by the United States of America.  I ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed, and we are doing the hard work of forging a framework to combat extremism within the rule of law.  Every nation must know: America will live its values, and we will lead by example.

We have set a clear and focused goal:  to work with all members of this body to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat al Qaeda and its extremist allies -- a network that has killed thousands of people of many faiths and nations, and that plotted to blow up this very building.  In Afghanistan and Pakistan, we and many nations here are helping these governments develop the capacity to take the lead in this effort, while working to advance opportunity and security for their people.

In Iraq, we are responsibly ending a war.  We have removed American combat brigades from Iraqi cities, and set a deadline of next August to remove all our combat brigades from Iraqi territory.  And I have made clear that we will help Iraqis transition to full responsibility for their future, and keep our commitment to remove all American troops by the end of 2011.

I have outlined a comprehensive agenda to seek the goal of a world without nuclear weapons.  In Moscow, the United States and Russia announced that we would pursue substantial reductions in our strategic warheads and launchers.  At the Conference on Disarmament, we agreed on a work plan to negotiate an end to the production of fissile materials for nuclear weapons.  And this week, my Secretary of State will become the first senior American representative to the annual Members Conference of the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.

Upon taking office, I appointed a Special Envoy for Middle East Peace, and America has worked steadily and aggressively to advance the cause of two states -- Israel and Palestine -- in which peace and security take root, and the rights of both Israelis and Palestinians are respected. 
 
To confront climate change, we have invested $80 billion in clean energy.  We have substantially increased our fuel-efficiency standards.  We have provided new incentives for conservation, launched an energy partnership across the Americas, and moved from a bystander to a leader in international climate negotiations.

To overcome an economic crisis that touches every corner of the world, we worked with the G20 nations to forge a coordinated international response of over $2 trillion in stimulus to bring the global economy back from the brink.  We mobilized resources that helped prevent the crisis from spreading further to developing countries.  And we joined with others to launch a $20 billion global food security initiative that will lend a hand to those who need it most, and help them build their own capacity.
 
We've also re-engaged the United Nations.  We have paid our bills.  We have joined the Human Rights Council.  We have signed the Convention of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.  We have fully embraced the Millennium Development Goals.  And we address our priorities here, in this institution  -- for instance, through the Security Council meeting that I will chair tomorrow on nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament, and through the issues that I will discuss today.

This is what we have already done.  But this is just a beginning.  Some of our actions have yielded progress.  Some have laid the groundwork for progress in the future.  But make no mistake:  This cannot solely be America's endeavor.  Those who used to chastise America for acting alone in the world cannot now stand by and wait for America to solve the world's problems alone.  We have sought -- in word and deed -- a new era of engagement with the world.  And now is the time for all of us to take our share of responsibility for a global response to global challenges.

Now, if we are honest with ourselves, we need to admit that we are not living up to that responsibility.  Consider the course that we're on if we fail to confront the status quo:  Extremists sowing terror in pockets of the world; protracted conflicts that grind on and on; genocide; mass atrocities; more nations with nuclear weapons; melting ice caps and ravaged populations; persistent poverty and pandemic disease.  I say this not to sow fear, but to state a fact:  The magnitude of our challenges has yet to be met by the measure of our actions.

This body was founded on the belief that the nations of the world could solve their problems together.  Franklin Roosevelt, who died before he could see his vision for this institution become a reality, put it this way -- and I quote:  "The structure of world peace cannot be the work of one man, or one party, or one nation….  It cannot be a peace of large nations -- or of small nations.  It must be a peace which rests on the cooperative effort of the whole world."

The cooperative effort of the whole world.  Those words ring even more true today, when it is not simply peace, but our very health and prosperity that we hold in common.  Yet we also know that this body is made up of sovereign states.  And sadly, but not surprisingly, this body has often become a forum for sowing discord instead of forging common ground; a venue for playing politics and exploiting grievances rather than solving problems. After all, it is easy to walk up to this podium and point figures -- point fingers and stoke divisions.  Nothing is easier than blaming others for our troubles, and absolving ourselves of responsibility for our choices and our actions.  Anybody can do that.  Responsibility and leadership in the 21st century demand more. 

In an era when our destiny is shared, power is no longer a zero-sum game.  No one nation can or should try to dominate another nation.  No world order that elevates one nation or group of people over another will succeed.  No balance of power among nations will hold.  The traditional divisions between nations of the South and the North make no sense in an interconnected world; nor do alignments of nations rooted in the cleavages of a long-gone Cold War.

The time has come to realize that the old habits, the old arguments, are irrelevant to the challenges faced by our people. They lead nations to act in opposition to the very goals that they claim to pursue -- and to vote, often in this body, against the interests of their own people.  They build up walls between us and the future that our people seek, and the time has come for those walls to come down.  Together, we must build new coalitions that bridge old divides -- coalitions of different faiths and creeds; of north and south, east, west, black, white, and brown.

The choice is ours.  We can be remembered as a generation that chose to drag the arguments of the 20th century into the 21st; that put off hard choices, refused to look ahead, failed to keep pace because we defined ourselves by what we were against instead of what we were for.  Or we can be a generation that chooses to see the shoreline beyond the rough waters ahead; that comes together to serve the common interests of human beings, and finally gives meaning to the promise embedded in the name given to this institution:  the United Nations.

That is the future America wants -- a future of peace and prosperity that we can only reach if we recognize that all nations have rights, but all nations have responsibilities as well.  That is the bargain that makes this work.  That must be the guiding principle of international cooperation.

Today, let me put forward four pillars that I believe are fundamental to the future that we want for our children:  non-proliferation and disarmament; the promotion of peace and security; the preservation of our planet; and a global economy that advances opportunity for all people.

First, we must stop the spread of nuclear weapons, and seek the goal of a world without them.

This institution was founded at the dawn of the atomic age, in part because man's capacity to kill had to be contained.  For decades, we averted disaster, even under the shadow of a superpower stand-off.  But today, the threat of proliferation is growing in scope and complexity.  If we fail to act, we will invite nuclear arms races in every region, and the prospect of wars and acts of terror on a scale that we can hardly imagine.

A fragile consensus stands in the way of this frightening outcome, and that is the basic bargain that shapes the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.  It says that all nations have the right to peaceful nuclear energy; that nations with nuclear weapons have a responsibility to move toward disarmament; and those without them have the responsibility to forsake them.  The next 12 months could be pivotal in determining whether this compact will be strengthened or will slowly dissolve.

America intends to keep our end of the bargain.  We will pursue a new agreement with Russia to substantially reduce our strategic warheads and launchers.  We will move forward with ratification of the Test Ban Treaty, and work with others to bring the treaty into force so that nuclear testing is permanently prohibited.  We will complete a Nuclear Posture Review that opens the door to deeper cuts and reduces the role of nuclear weapons.  And we will call upon countries to begin negotiations in January on a treaty to end the production of fissile material for weapons.

I will also host a summit next April that reaffirms each nation's responsibility to secure nuclear material on its territory, and to help those who can't -- because we must never allow a single nuclear device to fall into the hands of a violent extremist.  And we will work to strengthen the institutions and initiatives that combat nuclear smuggling and theft.

All of this must support efforts to strengthen the NPT.  Those nations that refuse to live up to their obligations must face consequences.  Let me be clear, this is not about singling out individual nations -- it is about standing up for the rights of all nations that do live up to their responsibilities.  Because a world in which IAEA inspections are avoided and the United Nation's demands are ignored will leave all people less safe, and all nations less secure.

In their actions to date, the governments of North Korea and Iran threaten to take us down this dangerous slope.  We respect their rights as members of the community of nations.  I've said before and I will repeat, I am committed to diplomacy that opens a path to greater prosperity and more secure peace for both nations if they live up to their obligations.

But if the governments of Iran and North Korea choose to ignore international standards; if they put the pursuit of nuclear weapons ahead of regional stability and the security and opportunity of their own people; if they are oblivious to the dangers of escalating nuclear arms races in both East Asia and the Middle East -- then they must be held accountable.  The world must stand together to demonstrate that international law is not an empty promise, and that treaties will be enforced.  We must insist that the future does not belong to fear.

That brings me to the second pillar for our future:  the pursuit of peace.

The United Nations was born of the belief that the people of the world can live their lives, raise their families, and resolve their differences peacefully.  And yet we know that in too many parts of the world, this ideal remains an abstraction -- a distant dream.  We can either accept that outcome as inevitable, and tolerate constant and crippling conflict, or we can recognize that the yearning for peace is universal, and reassert our resolve to end conflicts around the world.

That effort must begin with an unshakeable determination that the murder of innocent men, women and children will never be tolerated.  On this, no one can be -- there can be no dispute.  The violent extremists who promote conflict by distorting faith have discredited and isolated themselves.  They offer nothing but hatred and destruction.  In confronting them, America will forge lasting partnerships to target terrorists, share intelligence, and coordinate law enforcement and protect our people.  We will permit no safe haven for al Qaeda to launch attacks from Afghanistan or any other nation.  We will stand by our friends on the front lines, as we and many nations will do in pledging support for the Pakistani people tomorrow.  And we will pursue positive engagement that builds bridges among faiths, and new partnerships for opportunity.

Our efforts to promote peace, however, cannot be limited to defeating violent extremists.  For the most powerful weapon in our arsenal is the hope of human beings -- the belief that the future belongs to those who would build and not destroy; the confidence that conflicts can end and a new day can begin.

And that is why we will support -- we will strengthen our support for effective peacekeeping, while energizing our efforts to prevent conflicts before they take hold.  We will pursue a lasting peace in Sudan through support for the people of Darfur and the implementation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement, so that we secure the peace that the Sudanese people deserve. And in countries ravaged by violence -- from Haiti to Congo to East Timor -- we will work with the U.N. and other partners to support an enduring peace.

I will also continue to seek a just and lasting peace between Israel, Palestine, and the Arab world.  We will continue to work on that issue.  Yesterday, I had a constructive meeting with Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Abbas.  We have made some progress.  Palestinians have strengthened their efforts on security.  Israelis have facilitated greater freedom of movement for the Palestinians.  As a result of these efforts on both sides, the economy in the West Bank has begun to grow.  But more progress is needed.  We continue to call on Palestinians to end incitement against Israel, and we continue to emphasize that America does not accept the legitimacy of continued Israeli settlements. 

The time has come -- the time has come to re-launch negotiations without preconditions that address the permanent status issues:  security for Israelis and Palestinians, borders, refugees, and Jerusalem.  And the goal is clear:  Two states living side by side in peace and security -- a Jewish state of Israel, with true security for all Israelis; and a viable, independent Palestinian state with contiguous territory that ends the occupation that began in 1967, and realizes the potential of the Palestinian people. 

As we pursue this goal, we will also pursue peace between Israel and Lebanon, Israel and Syria, and a broader peace between Israel and its many neighbors.  In pursuit of that goal, we will develop regional initiatives with multilateral participation, alongside bilateral negotiations. 
         
Now, I am not naïve.  I know this will be difficult.  But all of us -- not just the Israelis and the Palestinians, but all of us -- must decide whether we are serious about peace, or whether we will only lend it lip service.  To break the old patterns, to break the cycle of insecurity and despair, all of us must say publicly what we would acknowledge in private.  The United States does Israel no favors when we fail to couple an unwavering commitment to its security with an insistence that Israel respect the legitimate claims and rights of the Palestinians. And -- And nations within this body do the Palestinians no favors when they choose vitriolic attacks against Israel over constructive willingness to recognize Israel's legitimacy and its right to exist in peace and security.

We must remember that the greatest price of this conflict is not paid by us.  It's not paid by politicians.  It's paid by the Israeli girl in Sderot who closes her eyes in fear that a rocket will take her life in the middle of the night.  It's paid for by the Palestinian boy in Gaza who has no clean water and no country to call his own.  These are all God's children.  And after all the politics and all the posturing, this is about the right of every human being to live with dignity and security.  That is a lesson embedded in the three great faiths that call one small slice of Earth the Holy Land.  And that is why, even though there will be setbacks and false starts and tough days, I will not waver in my pursuit of peace. 

Third, we must recognize that in the 21st century, there will be no peace unless we take responsibility for the preservation of our planet.  And I thank the Secretary General for hosting the subject of climate change yesterday.

The danger posed by climate change cannot be denied.  Our responsibility to meet it must not be deferred.  If we continue down our current course, every member of this Assembly will see irreversible changes within their borders.  Our efforts to end conflicts will be eclipsed by wars over refugees and resources.  Development will be devastated by drought and famine.  Land that human beings have lived on for millennia will disappear.  Future generations will look back and wonder why we refused to act; why we failed to pass on -- why we failed to pass on an environment that was worthy of our inheritance.

And that is why the days when America dragged its feet on this issue are over.  We will move forward with investments to transform our energy economy, while providing incentives to make clean energy the profitable kind of energy.  We will press ahead with deep cuts in emissions to reach the goals that we set for 2020, and eventually 2050.  We will continue to promote renewable energy and efficiency, and share new technologies with countries around the world.  And we will seize every opportunity for progress to address this threat in a cooperative effort with the entire world. 

And those wealthy nations that did so much damage to the environment in the 20th century must accept our obligation to lead.  But responsibility does not end there.  While we must acknowledge the need for differentiated responses, any effort to curb carbon emissions must include the fast-growing carbon emitters who can do more to reduce their air pollution without inhibiting growth.  And any effort that fails to help the poorest nations both adapt to the problems that climate change have already wrought and help them travel a path of clean development simply will not work.

It's hard to change something as fundamental as how we use energy.  I know that.  It's even harder to do so in the midst of a global recession.  Certainly, it will be tempting to sit back and wait for others to move first.  But we cannot make this journey unless we all move forward together.  As we head into Copenhagen, let us resolve to focus on what each of us can do for the sake of our common future.

And this leads me to the final pillar that must fortify our future:  a global economy that advances opportunity for all people.

The world is still recovering from the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression.  In America, we see the engine of growth beginning to churn, and yet many still struggle to find a job or pay their bills.  Across the globe, we find promising signs, but little certainty about what lies ahead.  And far too many people in far too many places live through the daily crises that challenge our humanity -- the despair of an empty stomach; the thirst brought on by dwindling water supplies; the injustice of a child dying from a treatable disease; or a mother losing her life as she gives birth.

In Pittsburgh, we will work with the world's largest economies to chart a course for growth that is balanced and sustained.  That means vigilance to ensure that we do not let up until our people are back to work.  That means taking steps to rekindle demand so that global recovery can be sustained.  And that means setting new rules of the road and strengthening regulation for all financial centers, so that we put an end to the greed and the excess and the abuse that led us into this disaster, and prevent a crisis like this from ever happening again.

At a time of such interdependence, we have a moral and pragmatic interest, however, in broader questions of development -- the questions of development that existed even before this crisis happened.  And so America will continue our historic effort to help people feed themselves.  We have set aside $63 billion to carry forward the fight against HIV/AIDS, to end deaths from tuberculosis and malaria, to eradicate polio, and to strengthen public health systems.  We are joining with other countries to contribute H1N1 vaccines to the World Health Organization.  We will integrate more economies into a system of global trade.  We will support the Millennium Development Goals, and approach next year's summit with a global plan to make them a reality.  And we will set our sights on the eradication of extreme poverty in our time.

Now is the time for all of us to do our part.  Growth will not be sustained or shared unless all nations embrace their responsibilities.  And that means that wealthy nations must open their markets to more goods and extend a hand to those with less, while reforming international institutions to give more nations a greater voice.  And developing nations must root out the corruption that is an obstacle to progress -- for opportunity cannot thrive where individuals are oppressed and business have to pay bribes.  That is why we support honest police and independent judges; civil society and a vibrant private sector.  Our goal is simple:  a global economy in which growth is sustained, and opportunity is available to all.

Now, the changes that I've spoken about today will not be easy to make.  And they will not be realized simply by leaders like us coming together in forums like this, as useful as that may be.  For as in any assembly of members, real change can only come through the people we represent.  That is why we must do the hard work to lay the groundwork for progress in our own capitals. That's where we will build the consensus to end conflicts and to harness technology for peaceful purposes, to change the way we use energy, and to promote growth that can be sustained and shared.

I believe that the people of the world want this future for their children.  And that is why we must champion those principles which ensure that governments reflect the will of the people.  These principles cannot be afterthoughts -- democracy and human rights are essential to achieving each of the goals that I've discussed today, because governments of the people and by the people are more likely to act in the broader interests of their own people, rather than narrow interests of those in power.

The test of our leadership will not be the degree to which we feed the fears and old hatreds of our people.  True leadership will not be measured by the ability to muzzle dissent, or to intimidate and harass political opponents at home.  The people of the world want change.  They will not long tolerate those who are on the wrong side of history.

This Assembly's Charter commits each of us -- and I quote -- "to reaffirm faith in fundamental human rights, in the dignity and worth of the human person, in the equal rights of men and women."  Among those rights is the freedom to speak your mind and worship as you please; the promise of equality of the races, and the opportunity for women and girls to pursue their own potential; the ability of citizens to have a say in how you are governed, and to have confidence in the administration of justice.  For just as no nation should be forced to accept the tyranny of another nation, no individual should be forced to accept the tyranny of their own people. 

As an African American, I will never forget that I would not be here today without the steady pursuit of a more perfect union in my country.  And that guides my belief that no matter how dark the day may seem, transformative change can be forged by those who choose to side with justice.  And I pledge that America will always stand with those who stand up for their dignity and their rights -- for the student who seeks to learn; the voter who demands to be heard; the innocent who longs to be free; the oppressed who yearns to be equal.

Democracy cannot be imposed on any nation from the outside. Each society must search for its own path, and no path is perfect.  Each country will pursue a path rooted in the culture of its people and in its past traditions.  And I admit that America has too often been selective in its promotion of democracy.  But that does not weaken our commitment; it only reinforces it.  There are basic principles that are universal; there are certain truths which are self-evident -- and the United States of America will never waver in our efforts to stand up for the right of people everywhere to determine their own destiny. 

Sixty-five years ago, a weary Franklin Roosevelt spoke to the American people in his fourth and final inaugural address. After years of war, he sought to sum up the lessons that could be drawn from the terrible suffering, the enormous sacrifice that had taken place.  "We have learned," he said, "to be citizens of the world, members of the human community."

The United Nations was built by men and women like Roosevelt from every corner of the world -- from Africa and Asia, from Europe to the Americas.  These architects of international cooperation had an idealism that was anything but naïve -- it was rooted in the hard-earned lessons of war; rooted in the wisdom that nations could advance their interests by acting together instead of splitting apart.

Now it falls to us -- for this institution will be what we make of it.  The United Nations does extraordinary good around the world -- feeding the hungry, caring for the sick, mending  places that have been broken.  But it also struggles to enforce its will, and to live up to the ideals of its founding.

I believe that those imperfections are not a reason to walk away from this institution -- they are a calling to redouble our efforts.  The United Nations can either be a place where we bicker about outdated grievances, or forge common ground; a place where we focus on what drives us apart, or what brings us together; a place where we indulge tyranny, or a source of moral authority.  In short, the United Nations can be an institution that is disconnected from what matters in the lives of our citizens, or it can be an indispensable factor in advancing the interests of the people we serve. 

We have reached a pivotal moment.  The United States stands ready to begin a new chapter of international cooperation -- one that recognizes the rights and responsibilities of all nations.  And so, with confidence in our cause, and with a commitment to our values, we call on all nations to join us in building the future that our people so richly deserve.

Thank you very much, everybody.

Thank you. Please be seated. Good evening.

To the United States Corps of Cadets, to the men and women of our armed services, and to my fellow Americans: I want to speak to you tonight about our effort in Afghanistan -- the nature of our commitment there, the scope of our interests, and the strategy that my Administration will pursue to bring this war to a successful conclusion. It's an extraordinary honor for me to do so here at West Point, where so many men and women have prepared to stand up for our security, and to represent what is finest about our country.

To address these important issues, it's important to recall why America and our allies were compelled to fight a war in Afghanistan in the first place. We did not ask for this fight. On September 11th, 2001, 19 men hijacked four airplanes and used them to murder nearly 3,000 people. They struck at our military and economic nerve centers. They took the lives of innocent men, women, and children without regard to their faith or race or station. Were it not for the heroic actions of passengers on board one of these flights, they could have also struck at one of the great symbols of our democracy in Washington, and killed many more.

As we know, these men belonged to al Qaeda -- a group of extremists who have distorted and defiled Islam, one of the world's great religions, to justify the slaughter of innocents. Al Qaeda's base of operations was in Afghanistan, where they were harbored by the Taliban -- a ruthless, repressive, and radical movement that seized control of that country after it was ravaged by years of Soviet occupation and civil war, and after the attention of America and our friends had turned elsewhere.

Just days after 9/11, Congress authorized the use of force against al Qaeda and those who harbored them -- an authorization that continues to this day. The vote in the Senate was 98 to 0. The vote in the House was 420 to 1. For the first time in its history, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization invoked Article 5 -- the commitment that says an attack on one member nation is an attack on all. And the United Nations Security Council endorsed the use of all necessary steps to respond to the 9/11 attacks. America, our allies, and the world were acting as one to destroy al Qaeda's terrorist network, and to protect our common security.

Under the banner of this domestic unity and international legitimacy -- and only after the Taliban refused to turn over Osama bin Laden -- we sent our troops into Afghanistan. Within a matter of months, al Qaeda was scattered and many of its operatives were killed. The Taliban was driven from power and pushed back on its heels. A place that had known decades of fear now had reason to hope. At a conference convened by the UN, a provisional government was established under President Hamid Karzai. And an International Security Assistance Force was established to help bring a lasting peace to a war-torn country.

Then, in early 2003, the decision was made to wage a second war in Iraq. The wrenching debate over the Iraq War is well-known and need not be repeated here. It's enough to say that for the next six years, the Iraq War drew the dominant share of our troops, our resources, our diplomacy, and our national attention -- and that the decision to go into Iraq caused substantial rifts between America and much of the world.

Today, after extraordinary costs, we are bringing the Iraq war to an responsible end. We will remove our combat brigades from Iraq by the end of next summer, and all of our troops by the end of 2011. That we are doing so is a testament to the character of the men and women in uniform. Thanks to their courage, grit, and perseverance, we have given Iraqis a chance to shape their future, and we are successfully leaving Iraq to its people.

But while we have achieved hard-earned milestones in Iraq, the situation in Afghanistan has deteriorated. After escaping across the border into Pakistan in 2001 and 2002, al Qaeda's leadership established a safe-haven there. Although a legitimate government was elected by the Afghan people, it's been hampered by corruption, the drug trade, an under-developed economy, and insufficient security forces. Over the last several years, the Taliban has maintained common cause with al Qaeda, as they both seek an overthrow of the Afghan government. Gradually, the Taliban has begun to control additional swaths of territory in Afghanistan, while engaging in increasingly brazen and devastating attacks of terrorism against the Pakistani people.

Now throughout this period, our troop levels in Afghanistan remained a fraction of what they were in Iraq. When I took office, we had just over 32,000 Americans serving in Afghanistan, compared to 160,000 in Iraq at the peak of the war. Commanders in Afghanistan repeatedly asked for support to deal with the reemergence of the Taliban, but these reinforcements did not arrive. And that's why, shortly after taking office, I approved a long-standing request for more troops. After consultations with our allies, I then announced a strategy recognizing the fundamental connection between our war effort in Afghanistan and the extremist safe-havens in Pakistan. I set a goal that was narrowly defined as disrupting, dismantling, and defeating al Qaeda and its extremist allies, and pledged to better coordinate our military and civilian effort.

Since then, we have made progress on some important objectives. High-ranking al Qaeda and Taliban leaders have been killed, and we've stepped up the pressure on al Qaeda world-wide. In Pakistan, that nation's Army has gone on its largest offensive in years. In Afghanistan, we and our allies prevented the Taliban from stopping a presidential election, and although it was marred by fraud, that election produced a government that is consistent with Afghanistan's laws and Constitution.

Yet huge challenges remain. Afghanistan is not lost, but for several years it has moved backwards. There's no imminent threat of the government being overthrown, but the Taliban has gained momentum. Al Qaeda has not reemerged in Afghanistan in the same numbers as before 9/11, but they retain their safe-havens along the border. And our forces lack the full support they need to effectively train and partner with Afghan security forces and better secure the population. Our new Commander in Afghanistan, General McChrystal, has reported that the security situation is more serious than he anticipated. In short, the status quo is not sustainable.

As cadets, you volunteered for service during this time of danger. Some of you fought in Afghanistan. Some of you will deploy there. As your Commander-in-Chief, I owe you a mission that is clearly defined and worthy of your service. And that's why, after the Afghan voting was completed, I insisted on a thorough review of our strategy. Now let me be clear: There has never been an option before me that called for troop deployments before 2010. So there has been no delay or denial of resources necessary for the conduct of the war during this review period. Instead, the review has allowed me ask the hard questions, and to explore all of the different options along with my national security team, our military and civilian leadership in Afghanistan, and our key partners. Now given the stakes involved, I owed the American people, and our troops, no less.

This review is now complete. And as Commander-in-Chief, I have determined that it is in our vital national interest to send an additional 30,000 U.S. troops to Afghanistan. After 18 months, our troops will begin to come home. These are the resources that we need to seize the initiative, while building the Afghan capacity that can allow for a responsible transition of our forces out of Afghanistan.

I do not make this decision lightly. I opposed the war in Iraq precisely because I believe that we must exercise restraint in the use of military force, and always consider the long-term consequences of our actions. We have been at war now for eight years, at enormous cost in lives and resources. Years of debate over Iraq and terrorism have left our unity on national security issues in tatters and created a highly polarized and partisan backdrop for this effort. And having just experienced the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, the American people are understandably focused on rebuilding our economy and putting people to work here at home.

And most of all, I know that this decision asks even more of you -- a military that, along with your families, has already borne the heaviest of all burdens. As President, I have signed a letter of condolence to the family of each American who gives their life in these wars. I have read the letters from the parents and spouses of those who deployed. I've visited our courageous wounded warriors at Walter Reed. I've travelled to Dover to meet the flag-draped caskets of 18 Americans returning home to their final resting place.1 I see firsthand the terrible wages of war. If I did not think that the security of the United States and the safety of the American people were at stake in Afghanistan, I would gladly order every single one of our troops home tomorrow.

So no, I do not make this decision lightly. I make this decision because I am convinced that our security is at stake in Afghanistan and Pakistan. This is the epicenter of violent extremism practiced by al Qaeda. It is from here that we were attacked on 9/11, and it is from here that new attacks are being plotted as I speak. This is no idle danger, no hypothetical threat. In the last few months alone, we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror. And this danger will only grow if the region slides backwards, and al Qaeda can operate with impunity. We must keep the pressure on al Qaeda, and to do that we must increase the stability and capacity of our partners in the region.

Of course this burden is not ours alone to bear. This is not just America's war. Since 9/11, al Qaeda's safe-havens have been the source of attacks against London and Amman and Bali. The people and governments of both Afghanistan and Pakistan are endangered. And the stakes are even higher within a nuclear-armed Pakistan, because we know that al Qaeda and other extremists seek nuclear weapons, and we have every reason to believe that they would use them.

These facts compel us to act along with our friends and allies. Our overarching goal remains the same: to disrupt, dismantle, and defeat al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan, and to prevent its capacity to threaten America and our allies in the future.

To meet that goal, we will pursue the following objectives within Afghanistan. We must deny al Qaeda a safe-haven. We must reverse the Taliban's momentum and deny it the ability to overthrow the government. And we must strengthen the capacity of Afghanistan's security forces and government, so that they can take lead responsibility for Afghanistan's future.

We will meet these objectives in three ways. First, we will pursue a military strategy that will break the Taliban's momentum and increase Afghanistan's capacity over the next 18 months.

The 30,000 additional troops that I'm announcing tonight will deploy in the first part of 2010 -- the fastest possible pace -- so that they can target the insurgency and secure key population centers. They'll increase our ability to train competent Afghan security forces, and to partner with them so that more Afghans can get into the fight. And they will help create the conditions for the United States to transfer responsibility to the Afghans.

Because this is an international effort, I've asked that our commitment be joined by contributions from our allies. Some have already provided additional troops, and we're confident that there will be further contributions in the days and weeks ahead. Our friends have fought and bled and died alongside us in Afghanistan. And now we must come together to end this war successfully. For what's at stake is not simply a test of NATO's credibility; what's at stake is the security of our allies, and the common security of the world.

Now taken together, these additional American and international troops will allow us to accelerate handing over responsibility to Afghan forces, and allow us to begin the transfer of our forces out of Afghanistan in July of 2011. Just as we have done in Iraq, we will execute this transition responsibly, taking into account conditions on the ground. We'll continue to advise and assist Afghanistan's security forces to ensure that they can succeed over the long haul. But it will be clear to the Afghan government -- and more importantly, to the Afghan people -- that they will ultimately be responsible for their own country.

Second, we will work with our partners, the United Nations, and the Afghan people to pursue a more effective civilian strategy, so that the government can take advantage of improved security.

This effort must be based on performance. The days of providing a blank check are over. President Karzai's inauguration speech sent the right message about moving in a new direction. And going forward, we will be clear about what we expect from those who receive our assistance. We'll support Afghan Ministries, governors, and local leaders that combat corruption and deliver for the people. We expect those who are ineffective or corrupt to be held accountable. And we will also focus our assistance in areas, such as agriculture, that can make an immediate impact in the lives of the Afghan people.

The people of Afghanistan have endured violence for decades. They've been confronted with occupation by the Soviet Union, and then by foreign al Qaeda fighters who used Afghan land for their own purposes. So tonight, I want the Afghan people to understand: America seeks an end to this era of war and suffering. We have no interest in occupying your country. We will support efforts by the Afghan government to open the door to those Taliban who abandon violence and respect the human rights of their fellow citizens. And we will seek a partnership with Afghanistan grounded in mutual respect -- to isolate those who destroy, to strengthen those who build, to hasten the day when our troops will leave, and to forge a lasting friendship in which America is your partner, and never your patron.

Third, we will act with the full recognition that our success in Afghanistan is inextricably linked to our partnership with Pakistan.

We're in Afghanistan to prevent a cancer from once again spreading through that country. But this same cancer has also taken root in the border region of Pakistan. And that's why we need a strategy that works on both sides of the border.

In the past, there have been those in Pakistan who have argued that the struggle against extremism is not their fight, and that Pakistan is better off doing little or seeking accommodation with those who use violence. But in recent years, as innocents have been killed from Karachi to Islamabad, it has become clear that it is the Pakistani people who are the most endangered by extremism. Public opinion has turned. The Pakistani Army has waged an offensive in Swat and South Waziristan. And there is no doubt that the United States and Pakistan share a common enemy.

In the past, we too often defined our relationship with Pakistan narrowly. And those days are over. Moving forward, we are committed to a partnership with Pakistan that is built on a foundation of mutual interests, mutual respect, and mutual trust. We will strengthen Pakistan's capacity to target those groups that threaten our countries, and have made it clear that we cannot tolerate a safe-haven for terrorists whose location is known, and whose intentions are clear. America is also providing substantial resources to support Pakistan's democracy and development. We are the largest international supporter for those Pakistanis displaced by the fighting. And going forward, the Pakistani people must know: America will remain a strong supporter of Pakistan's security and prosperity long after the guns have fallen silent, so that the great potential of its people can be unleashed.

These are the three core elements of our strategy: a military effort to create the conditions for a transition; a civilian surge that reinforces positive action; and an effective partnership with Pakistan.

I recognize that there are a range of concerns about our approach. So let me briefly address a few of the prominent arguments that I have heard, and which I take very seriously.

First, there are those who suggest that Afghanistan is another Vietnam. They argue that it cannot be stabilized, and we're better off cutting our losses and rapidly withdrawing. I believe this argument depends upon a false reading of history. Unlike Vietnam, we are joined by a broad coalition of 43 nations that recognizes the legitimacy of our action. Unlike Vietnam, we are not facing a broad-based popular insurgency. And most importantly, unlike Vietnam, the American people were viciously attacked from Afghanistan, and remain a target for those same extremists who are plotting along its border. To abandon this area now, and to rely only on efforts against al Qaeda from a distance, would significantly hamper our ability to keep the pressure on al Qaeda, and create an unacceptable risk of additional attacks on our homeland and our allies.

Second, there are those who acknowledge that we can't leave Afghanistan in its current state, but suggest that we go forward with the troops that we already have. But this would simply maintain a status quo in which we muddle through, and permit a slow deterioration of conditions there. It would ultimately prove more costly and prolong our stay in Afghanistan, because we would never be able to generate the conditions needed to train Afghan security forces and give them the space to take over.

Finally, there are those who oppose identifying a timeframe for our transition to Afghan responsibility. Indeed, some call for a more dramatic and open-ended escalation of our war effort -- one that would commit us to a nation building project of up to a decade. I reject this course because it sets goals that are beyond what can be achieved at a reasonable cost, and what we need to achieve to secure our interests. Furthermore, the absence of a timeframe for transition would deny us any sense of urgency in working with the Afghan government. It must be clear that Afghans will have to take responsibility for their security, and that America has no interest in fighting an endless war in Afghanistan.

As President, I refuse to set goals that go beyond our responsibility, our means, or our interests. And I must weigh all of the challenges that our nation faces. I don't have the luxury of committing to just one. Indeed, I'm mindful of the words of President Eisenhower, who -- in discussing our national security -- said, "Each proposal must be weighed in the light of a broader consideration: the need to maintain balance in and among national programs."

Over the past several years, we have lost that balance. We've failed to appreciate the connection between our national security and our economy. In the wake of an economic crisis, too many of our neighbors and friends are out of work and struggle to pay the bills. Too many Americans are worried about the future facing our children. Meanwhile, competition within the global economy has grown more fierce. So we can't simply afford to ignore the price of these wars.

All told, by the time I took office the cost of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan approached a trillion dollars. Going forward, I am committed to addressing these costs openly and honestly. Our new approach in Afghanistan is likely to cost us roughly 30 billion dollars for the military this year, and I'll work closely with Congress to address these costs as we work to bring down our deficit.

But as we end the war in Iraq and transition to Afghan responsibility, we must rebuild our strength here at home. Our prosperity provides a foundation for our power. It pays for our military. It underwrites our diplomacy. It taps the potential of our people, and allows investment in new industry. And it will allow us to compete in this century as successfully as we did in the last. That's why our troop commitment in Afghanistan cannot be open-ended -- because the nation that I am most interested in building is our own.

Now let me be clear: None of this will be easy. The struggle against violent extremism will not be finished quickly, and it extends well beyond Afghanistan and Pakistan. It will be an enduring test of our free society and our leadership in the world. And unlike the great power conflicts and clear lines of division that defined the 20th century, our effort will involve disorderly regions, failed states, diffuse enemies.

So as a result, America will have to show our strength in the way that we end wars and prevent conflict -- not just how we wage wars. We'll have to be nimble and precise in our use of military power. Where al Qaeda and its allies attempt to establish a foothold -- whether in Somalia or Yemen or elsewhere -- they must be confronted by growing pressure and strong partnerships.

And we can't count on military might alone. We have to invest in our homeland security, because we can't capture or kill every violent extremist abroad. We have to improve and better coordinate our intelligence, so that we stay one step ahead of shadowy networks.

We will have to take away the tools of mass destruction. And that's why I've made it a central pillar of my foreign policy to secure loose nuclear materials from terrorists, to stop the spread of nuclear weapons, and to pursue the goal of a world without them, because every nation must understand that true security will never come from an endless race for ever-more destructive weapons. True security will come for those who reject them.

We will have to use diplomacy, because no one nation can meet the challenges of an interconnected world acting alone. I've spent this year renewing our alliances and forging new partnerships. And we have forged a new beginning between America and the Muslim World -- one that recognizes our mutual interest in breaking a cycle of conflict, and that promises a future in which those who kill innocents are isolated by those who stand up for peace and prosperity and human dignity.

And finally, we must draw on the strength of our values. For the challenges that we face may have changed, but the things that we believe in must not. And that's why we must promote our values by living them at home -- which is why I have prohibited torture and will close the prison at Guantanamo Bay. And we must make it clear to every man, woman, and child around the world who lives under the dark cloud of tyranny that America will speak out on behalf of their human rights, and tend to the light of freedom, and justice, and opportunity, and respect for the dignity of all peoples. That is who we are. That is the source, the moral source of America's authority.

Since the days of Franklin Roosevelt, and the service and sacrifice of our grandparents and great grandparents, our country has borne a special burden in global affairs. We have spilled American blood in many countries on multiple continents. We have spent our revenue to help others rebuild from rubble and develop their own economies. We have joined with others to develop an architecture of institutions from the United Nations to NATO to the World Bank that provide for the common security and prosperity of human beings.

We have not always been thanked for these efforts, and we have at times made mistakes. But more than any other nation, the United States of America has underwritten global security for over six decades -- a time that, for all its problems, has seen walls come down, and markets open, and billions lifted from poverty, unparalleled scientific progress, and advancing frontiers of human liberty.

For unlike the great powers of old, we have not sought world domination. Our union was founded in resistance to oppression. We do not seek to occupy other nations. We will not claim another nation's resources or target other peoples because their faith or ethnicity is different from ours. What we have fought for, and what we continue to fight for, is a better future for our children and grandchildren, and we believe that their lives will be better if others [sic] peoples' children and grandchildren can live in freedom and access opportunity.

As a country, we're not as young and perhaps not as innocent as we were when Roosevelt was President. Yet we are still heirs to a noble struggle for freedom. And now we must summon all of our might and moral suasion to meet the challenges of a new age.

In the end, our security and leadership does not come solely from the strength of our arms. It derives from our people: from the workers and businesses who will rebuild our economy; from the entrepreneurs and researchers who will pioneer new industries; from the teachers that will educate our children, and the service of those who work in our communities at home; from the diplomats and Peace Corps volunteers who spread hope abroad; and from the men and women in uniform who are part of an unbroken line of sacrifice that has made government of the people, by the people, and for the people a reality on this Earth.2

This vast and diverse citizenry will not always agree on every issue -- nor should we. But I also know that we, as a country, cannot sustain our leadership nor navigate the momentous challenges of our time if we allow ourselves to be split asunder by the same rancor and cynicism and partisanship that has in recent times poisoned our national discourse.

It's easy to forget that when this war began, we were united -- bound together by the fresh memory of a horrific attack, and by the determination to defend our homeland and the values we hold dear. I refuse to accept the notion that we cannot summon that unity again. I believe -- I believe with every fiber of my being that we, as Americans, can still come together behind a common purpose. For our values are not simply words written into parchment. They are a creed that calls us together, and that has carried us through the darkest of storms as one nation, as one people.

America, we are passing through a time of great trial. And the message that we send in the midst of these storms must be clear: that our cause is just, our resolve unwavering. We will go forward with the confidence that right makes might, and with the commitment to forge an America that is safer, a world that is more secure, and a future that represents not the deepest of fears but the highest of hopes.

Thank you. God Bless you. And God Bless the United States of America.

Thank you so much, Strobe, for your extraordinary leadership here at Brookings, and thanks to all of you in attendance. 

Almost exactly one year ago, on a frigid winter's day, I met with my new economic team at the headquarters of my presidential transition offices in Chicago.  And over the course of four hours, my advisors presented an analysis of where the economy at that time stood, accompanied by a chilling set of charts and graphs, predicting where we might end up.  It was an unforgettable series of presentations.

Christy Romer -- who's here today -- tapped to head the Council of Economic Advisers, as well as Larry Summers, who I'd chosen to head the National Economic Council, described an imminent downturn comparable in its severity to almost nothing since the 1930s.  Tim Geithner, my incoming Treasury Secretary, reported that the financial system, shaken by the subprime crisis, had halted almost all lending, which in turn threatened to pull the broader economy in a downward spiral.  Peter Orszag, my incoming Budget Director, closed out the proceedings with an entirely dismal report on the fiscal health of the country, with growing deficits and debt stretching to the horizon.  Having concluded that it was too late for me to request a recount -- I tasked my team with mapping out a plan to tackle the crisis on all fronts. 

It wasn't long after that meeting, as we shaped this economic plan, that we began to see some of these forecasts materialize.  Over the previous year, it was obvious that folks were facing hard times.  As I traveled across the country during the long campaign, I would meet men and women bearing the brunt of not only a deepening recession, but also years -- even decades -- of growing strains on middle class families.  But now the country was experiencing something far worse.  Our gross domestic product -- the sum total of all that our economy produces  -- fell at the fastest rate in a quarter century.  Five trillion dollars of Americans' household wealth evaporated in just 12 weeks as stocks, pensions, and home values plummeted.  We were losing an average of 700,000 jobs each month, equivalent to the population of the state of Vermont.  That was true in December, January, February, March.  The fear among economists across the political spectrum that was -- was that we were rapidly plummeting towards a second Great Depression.

So, in the weeks and months that followed, we undertook a series of difficult steps to prevent that outcome.  And we were forced to take those steps largely without the help of an opposition party, which, unfortunately, after having presided over the decision-making that had led to the crisis, decided to hand it over to others to solve.

We acted to get lending flowing again so businesses could get loans to buy equipment, and ordinary Americans could get financing to buy homes and cars, to go to college, and to start or run businesses.  We enacted measures to stem the tide of foreclosures in our housing market, helping responsible homeowners stay in their homes and helping to stop the broader decline in home values which was eating away at what tends to be a family's largest asset. 

To achieve this, and to prevent economic collapse, we were forced to extend assistance to some of the very banks and financial institutions whose actions had helped precipitate the turmoil.  We also took steps to prevent the rapid dissolution of the American auto industry -- which faced a crisis partly of its own making -- to prevent the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs during an already fragile, shaky time.  These were not decisions that were popular or satisfying; these were decisions that were necessary.

Now, even as we worked to address the crises in our banking sector, in our housing market, and in our auto industry, we also began attacking our economic crisis on a broader front.  Less than one month after taking office we enacted the most sweeping economic recovery package in history:  the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. 

The Recovery Act was divided into three parts.  One-third went for tax relief for small businesses and 95 percent of working families.  Another third was for emergency relief to help folks who've borne the brunt of this recession.  We extended or increased unemployment benefits for more than 17 million Americans; made health insurance 65 percent cheaper for families relying on COBRA. And for state and local governments facing historic budget shortfalls as demand for services went up and revenues went down, we provided assistance that has saved the jobs of hundreds of thousands of teachers and public school workers, firefighters and police officers.

The last third of the Recovery Act is for investments to put Americans to work doing the work that America needs done:  doubling our capacity in renewable energy like wind and solar; computerizing medical records to save money and lives; providing the largest boost to medical research in history; renovating classrooms and school laboratories; and upgrading roads and railways as part of the largest investment in infrastructure since the creation of the Interstate Highway System half a century ago.

And even as the Recovery Act has created jobs and spurred growth, we have not let up in our efforts to take every responsible action to get the economy growing and America working. 

This fall, I signed into law more than $30 billion in tax cuts for struggling businesses, extended an effective tax credit for homebuyers, and provided additional unemployment insurance for one million Americans.  And the Treasury is continuing to adapt our financial stability plan, helping to facilitate the flow of small credit to small businesses and families.  In addition, we're working to break down barriers and open overseas markets so our companies can better compete globally, creating jobs in America by exporting our products around the world.

Now, partly as a result of these and other steps, we are in a very different place today than we were one year ago.  We may forget, but we're in a very different place.  We can safely say that we are no longer facing the potential collapse of our financial system and we've avoided the depression many feared.  Our economy is growing for the first time in a year, and the swing from contraction to expansion since the beginning of the year is the largest in nearly three decades. 

Finally, we're no longer seeing the severe deterioration in the job market that we once were.  In fact we learned on Friday that the unemployment rate fell slightly last month.  This is welcome news, and news made possible in part by the up to 1.6 million jobs that the Recovery Act has already created and saved according to the Congressional Budget Office.

But I'm here today because our work is far from done.  For even though we've reduced the deluge of job losses to a relative trickle, we are not yet creating jobs at a pace to help all those families who've been swept up in the flood.  There are more than 7 million fewer Americans with jobs today than when this recession began.  That's a staggering figure, and one that reflects not only the depths of the hole from which we must ascend, but also a continuing human tragedy. 

It was mentioned that I was in Allentown, Pennsylvania, this past weekend, and went to a job center where people were engaged in job search.  And it ran the spectrum -- blacks, whites, Hispanics, young people who were just starting their careers, individuals 50, 60 years old, looking for a job.  And they were putting a brave face on it, confident that eventually things would work out, but you could also see the sense of anxiety, the fear that perhaps this time it was different.  Sometimes it's hard to break out of the bubble here in Washington and remind ourselves that behind these statistics are people's lives, their capacity to do right by their families.  It speaks to an urgent need to accelerate job growth in the short term while laying a new foundation for lasting economic growth.

My economic team has been considering a full range of additional ideas to help accelerate the pace of private sector hiring.  We held a jobs forum at the White House that brought together small business owners, CEOs, union members, economists, folks from non-profits, and state and local officials to talk about job creation.  And I've asked people to lead forums in their own communities -- sending the results to me -- so we are hearing as many voices as possible as we refine our proposals.  We've already heard a number of good ideas, and I know we'll learn of many more.

So today, I want to outline some of the broader steps that I believe should be at the heart of our effort to accelerate job growth -- those areas that will generate the greatest number of jobs while generating the greatest value for our economy.

First, we're proposing a series of steps to help small businesses grow and hire new staff.  Over the past 15 years, small businesses have created roughly 65 percent of all new jobs in America.  These are companies formed around kitchen tables in family meetings, formed when an entrepreneur takes a chance on a dream, formed when a worker decides it's time she became her own boss.  These are also companies that drive innovation, producing 13 times more patents per employee than large companies.  And it's worth remembering, every once in a while a small business becomes a big business -- and changes the world.

That's why it's so important that we help small business struggling to stay open, or struggling to open in the first place, during these difficult times.  Building on the tax cuts in the Recovery Act, we're proposing a complete elimination of capital gains taxes on small business investment along with an extension of write-offs to encourage small businesses to expand in the coming year.  And I believe it's worthwhile to create a tax incentive to encourage small businesses to add and keep employees, and I'm going to work with Congress to pass one.

Now, these steps will help, but we also have to address the continuing struggle of small businesses to get loans that they need to start up and grow.  To that end, we're proposing to waive fees and increase the guarantees for SBA-backed loans.  And I'm asking my Treasury Secretary to continue mobilizing the remaining TARP funds to facilitate lending to small businesses.

Second, we're proposing a boost in investment in the nation's infrastructure beyond what was included in the Recovery Act, to continue modernizing our transportation and communications networks.  These are needed public works that engage private sector companies, spurring hiring all across the country. 

Already, more than 10,000 of these projects have been funded through the Recovery Act.  And by design, Recovery Act work on roads, bridges, water systems, Superfund sites, broadband networks, and clean energy projects will all be ramping up in the months ahead.  It was planned this way for two reasons:  so the impact would be felt over a two-year period; and, more importantly, because we wanted to do this right. 

The potential for abuse in a program of this magnitude, while operating at such a fast pace, was enormous.  So I asked Vice President Biden and others to make sure to the extent humanly possible that the investments were sound, the projects worthy, and the execution efficient.  What this means is that we're going to see even more work -- and workers -- on recovery projects in the next six months than we saw in the last six months.

Even so, there are many more worthy projects than there were dollars to fund them.  I recognize that by their nature these projects often take time, and will therefore create jobs over time.  But the need for jobs will also last beyond next year and the benefits of these investments will last years beyond that.  So adding to this initiative to rebuild America's infrastructure is the right thing to do. 

Third, I'm calling on Congress to consider a new program to provide incentives for consumers who retrofit their homes to become more energy-efficient, which we know creates jobs, saves money for families, and reduces the pollution that threatens our environment.  And I'm proposing that we expand select Recovery Act initiatives to promote energy efficiency and clean energy jobs which have been proven to be particularly popular and effective. 

It's a positive sign that many of these programs drew so many applicants for funding that a lot of strong proposals -- proposals that will leverage private capital and create jobs quickly -- did not make the cut.  With additional resources, in areas like advanced manufacturing of wind turbines and solar panels, for instance, we can help turn good ideas into good private sector jobs.

Finally, as we are moving forward in these areas, we should also extend the relief in the Recovery Act, including emergency assistance to seniors, unemployment insurance benefits, COBRA, and relief to states and localities to prevent layoffs.  This will help folks weathering these storms, while boosting consumer spending and promoting job growth.

Of course, there's only so much government can do. Job creation will ultimately depend on the real job creators:  businesses across America.  We were encouraged today to hear from the Business Roundtable that their survey showed greater confidence and greater potential investment coming out of the business community. 

Government can help lay the groundwork on which the private sector can better generate jobs, growth, and innovation.  After all, small business tax relief is not a substitute for ingenuity and industriousness by our entrepreneurs -- but it can help those with good ideas to grow and expand.  Incentives to promote energy efficiency and clean energy manufacturing don't automatically create jobs or lower carbon emissions -- but these steps provide a framework in which companies can compete and innovate to create those jobs and reduce energy consumption.  And while modernizing the physical and virtual networks that connect us will create private-sector jobs, they'll do so while making it possible for companies to more easily and effectively move their products across this country and around the world, and that will create more jobs.

And given the challenges of accelerating the pace of hiring in the private sector, these targeted initiatives are right and they are needed.  But with a fiscal crisis to match our economic crisis, we also must be prudent about how we fund it.  So to help support these efforts, we are going to wind down the Troubled Asset Relief Program -- or TARP -- the fund created to stabilize the financial system so banks would lend again.

I don't think I have to tell you there has rarely been a less loved or more necessary emergency program than TARP, which -- as galling as the assistance to banks may have been -- indisputably helped prevent a collapse of the entire financial system.  Launched hastily -- understandably, but hastily -- under the last administration, the TARP program was flawed, and we have worked hard to correct those flaws and manage it properly.  And today, TARP has served its original purpose and at much lower cost than we expected.

In fact, because of our stewardship of this program, and the transparency and accountability we put in place, TARP is expected to cost the taxpayers at least $200 billion less than what was anticipated just this past summer.  And the assistance to banks, once thought to cost taxpayers untold billions, is on track to actually reap billions in profits for the taxpaying public.  So this gives us a chance to pay down the deficit faster than we thought possible and to shift funds that would have gone to help the banks on Wall Street to help create jobs on Main Street.

Small business, infrastructure, clean energy -- these are areas in which we can put Americans to work while putting our nation on a sturdier economic footing.  That foundation for sustained economic growth -- that must be our continuing focus and our ultimate goal. 

I've said this before.  Even before this particular crisis, much of our growth for a decade or more had been fueled by unsustainable consumer debt and reckless financial speculation, while we ignored the fundamental challenges that hold the key to our economic prosperity.  We cannot simply go back to the way things used to be.  We can't go back to an economy that yielded cycle after cycle of speculative booms and painful busts.  We can't continue to accept an education system in which our students trail their peers in other countries, and a health care system in which exploding costs put our businesses at a competitive disadvantage.  And we cannot continue to ignore the clean energy challenge or cede global leadership in the emerging industries of the 21st century.  And that's why, even as we strive to meet the crisis of the moment, we have insisted on laying a new foundation for the future.

Because an educated workforce is essential to a 21st century global economy, we've launched a competitive Race to the Top fund through the Recovery Act to reform our schools and raise achievement, especially in math and science.  And we've made college more affordable, proposed a historic set of reforms and investments in community college, and set a goal of once again leading the world in producing college graduates by the year 2020.

Because even the best-trained worker in the world can't compete if our businesses are saddled with rapidly increasing health care costs, we are fighting to do what we have discussed in this country for generations -- finally reforming our nation's broken health insurance system and relieving this unsustainable burden.

Because our economic future depends on a financial system that encourages sound investments, honest dealings, and long-term growth, we've proposed the most ambitious financial reforms since the Great Depression.  We'll set and enforce clear rules of the road, close loopholes in oversight, charge a new agency with protecting consumers and address the dangerous, systemic risks that brought us to the brink of disaster.  These reforms are moving through Congress, we're working to keep those reforms strong, and I'm looking forward to signing them into law.

And because our economic future depends on our leadership in the industries of the future, we are investing in basic applied research, and working to create the incentives to build a new clean energy economy.  For we know the nation that leads in clean energy will be the nation that leads the world.  I want America to be that nation.  I want America's prosperity to be powered by what we invent and pioneer -- not just what we borrow and what we consume.  And I know that we can and will be that nation if we are willing to do what it takes to get there.

Now, there are those who claim we have to choose between paying down our deficits on the one hand, and investing in job creation and economic growth on the other.  This is a false choice.  Ensuring that economic growth and job creation are strong and sustained is critical to ensuring that we are increasing revenues and decreasing spending on things like unemployment insurance so that our deficits will start coming down.  At the same time, instilling confidence in our commitment to being fiscally prudent gives the private sector the confidence to make long-term investments in our people and in America.

So one of the central goals of this administration is restoring fiscal responsibility.  Even as we have had to spend our way out of this recession in the near term, we've begun to make the hard choices necessary to get our country on a more stable fiscal footing in the long run.  So let me just be clear here.  Despite what some have claimed, the cost of the Recovery Act is only a very small part of our current budget imbalance.  In reality, the deficit had been building dramatically over the previous eight years.  We have a structural gap between the money going out and the money coming in. 

Folks passed tax cuts and expansive entitlement programs without paying for any of it -- even as health care costs kept rising, year after year.  As a result, the deficit had reached $1.3 trillion when we walked into the White House.  And I'd note:  These budget-busting tax cuts and spending programs were approved by many of the same people who are now waxing political about fiscal responsibility, while opposing our efforts to reduce deficits by getting health care costs under control.  It's a sight to see.

The fact is we have refused to go along with business as usual; we are taking responsibility for every dollar we spend.  We've done what some said was impossible:  preventing wasteful spending on outdated weapons systems that even the Pentagon said it didn't want.  We've combed the budget, cutting waste and excess wherever we could.  I'm still committed to halving the deficit we inherited by the end of my first term -- cutting it in half.  And I made clear from day one that I would not sign a health insurance reform bill if it raised the deficit by one dime -- and neither the House, nor the Senate bill does.  We've begun not only changing policies in Washington, we've also begun to change the culture in Washington.

In the end, the economic crisis of the past year was not just the result of weaknesses in our economy.  It was also the result of weaknesses in our political system, because for decades, too many in Washington put off the hard decisions.  For decades, we've watched as efforts to solve tough problems have fallen prey to the bitterness of partisanship, to prosaic concerns of politics, to ever-quickening news cycles, to endless campaigns focused on scoring points instead of meeting our common challenges.

We've seen the consequences of this failure of responsibility.  The American people have paid a heavy price.  And the question we'll have to answer now is if we're going to learn from our past, or if -- even in the aftermath of disaster -- we're going to repeat those same mistakes.  As the alarm bells fade, the din of Washington rises, as the forces of the status quo marshal their resources, we can be sure that answering this question will be a fight to the finish.  But I have every hope and expectation that we can rise to this moment, that we can transcend the failures of the past, that we can once again take responsibility for our future.

Every night I read letters and e-mails sent to me from people across America -- ordinary folks, people who share their hopes and their hardships, their faith in this country, their frustration with what's happened in this economy.  I hear from small business owners worried about making payroll, keeping their doors open.  I hear from mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, who've seen one or two or more family members out of work.  The toughest letters are in children's handwriting -- kids write to me, my dad just lost a job; my grandma is sick, she can't afford health insurance -- kids who can't just be kids because they're worried about mom having her hours cut or dad losing a job, or a family without health insurance. 

These folks aren't looking for a handout, they're not looking for a bailout -- just like those people I visited in Allentown -- all they're looking for is a chance to make their own way, to work, to succeed using their talents and skills.  And they're looking for folks in Washington to have a seriousness of purpose that matches the reality of their struggle.

Everywhere I've gone, every stop I've made, there are people like this, men and women who have faced misfortune, but who stand ready to build a better future:  students ready to learn, workers eager to work, scientists on the brink of discovery, entrepreneurs seeking the chance to open a small business.  Everywhere I go, there are once-shuttered factories just waiting to whir back to life in burgeoning industries.  There is a nation ready to meet the challenges of this new age and to lead the world in this new century.  And as we look back on the progress of the past year, and look forward to the work ahead, I have every confidence that we will do exactly that.

These have been a tough two years.  And there will no doubt be difficult months ahead.  But the storms of the past are receding.  The skies are brightening.  And the horizon is beckoning once more.

Thank you very much.

Your Majesties, Your Royal Highnesses, distinguished members of the Norwegian Nobel Committee, citizens of America, and citizens of the world:
 
I receive this honor with deep gratitude and great humility. It's an award that speaks to our highest aspirations -- that for all the cruelty and hardship of our world, we are not mere prisoners of fate. Our actions matter, and can bend history in the direction of justice.
 
And yet, I would be remiss if I did not acknowledge the considerable controversy that your generous decision has generated. In part, this is because I am at the beginning, and not the end, of my labors on the world stage. Compared to some of the giants of history who've received this prize -- Schweitzer and King, Marshall and Mandela -- my accomplishments are slight. And then there are the men and women around the world who've been jailed and beaten in the pursuit of justice; those who toil in humanitarian organizations to relieve suffering; the unrecognized millions whose quiet acts of courage and compassion inspire even the most hardened cynics. I cannot argue with those who find these men and women -- some known, some obscure to all but those they help -- to be far more deserving of this honor than I.
 
But perhaps the most profound issue surrounding my receipt of this prize is the fact that I am the Commander-in-Chief of the military of a nation in the midst of two wars. One of these wars is winding down. The other is a conflict that America did not seek, one in which we are joined by 42 other countries -- including Norway -- in an effort to defend ourselves and all nations from further attacks.
 
Still, we are at war. And I am responsible1 for the deployment of thousands of young Americans to battle in a distant land. Some will kill; and some will be killed. And so I come here with an acute sense of the costs of armed conflict -- filled with difficult questions about the relationship between war and peace, and our effort to replace one with the other.

Now these questions are not new. War, in one form or another, appeared with the first man. At the dawn of history, its morality was not questioned; it was simply a fact, like drought or disease -- the manner in which tribes and then civilizations sought power and settled their differences.

And over time, as codes of law sought to control violence within groups, so did philosophers and clerics and statesmen seek to regulate the destructive power of war. The concept of a "just war" emerged, suggesting that war is justified only when certain conditions were met: if it is waged as a last resort or in self-defense; if the force used is proportional; and if, whenever possible, civilians are spared from violence.
 
Of course, we know that for most of history, this concept of "just war" was rarely observed. The capacity of human beings to think up new ways to kill one another proved inexhaustible, as did our capacity to exempt from mercy those who look different or pray to a different God. Wars between armies gave way to wars between nations -- total wars in which the distinction between combatant and civilian became blurred. In the span of 30 years, such carnage would twice engulf this continent. And while it's hard to conceive of a cause more just than the defeat of the Third Reich and the Axis powers, World War II was a conflict in which the total number of civilians who died exceeded the number of soldiers who perished.
 
In the wake of such destruction, and with the advent of the nuclear age, it became clear to victor and vanquished alike that the world needed institutions to prevent another world war. And so a quarter century after the United States Senate rejected the League of Nations -- an idea for which Woodrow Wilson received this prize -- America led the world in constructing an architecture to keep the peace: a Marshall Plan, and a United Nations; mechanisms to govern the waging of war, treaties to protect human rights, prevent genocide, restrict the most dangerous weapons.
 
In many ways, these efforts succeeded. Yes, terrible wars have been fought, and atrocities committed. But there has been no Third World War. The Cold War ended with jubilant crowds dismantling a wall. Commerce has stitched much of the world together. Billions have been lifted from poverty. The ideals of liberty and self-determination, equality, and the rule of law have haltingly advanced. We are the heirs of the fortitude and foresight of generations past, and it is a legacy for which my own country is rightfully proud.

And yet, a decade into a new century, this old architecture is buckling under the weight of new threats. The world may no longer shudder at the prospect of war between two nuclear superpowers, but proliferation may increase the risk of catastrophe. Terrorism has long been a tactic, but modern technology allows a few small men with outsized rage to murder innocents on a horrific scale.
 
Moreover, wars between nations have increasingly given way to wars within nations. The resurgence of ethnic or sectarian conflicts; the growth of secessionist movements, insurgencies, and failed states -- all these things have increasingly trapped civilians in unending chaos. In today's wars, many more civilians are killed than soldiers; the seeds of future conflict are sown, economies are wrecked, civil societies torn asunder, refugees amassed, children scarred.
 
I do not bring with me today a definitive solution to the problems of war. What I do know is that meeting these challenges will require the same vision, hard work, and persistence of those men and women who acted so boldly decades ago. And it will require us to think in new ways about the notions of "just war" and the imperatives of a just peace.
 
We must begin by acknowledging a hard truth: We will not eradicate violent conflict in our lifetimes. There will be times when nations, acting individually or in concert, will find the use of force not only necessary but morally justified.
 
I make this statement mindful of what Martin Luther King Jr. said in this same ceremony years ago: "Violence never brings permanent peace. It solves no social problem. It merely creates new and more complicated ones." As someone who stands here as a direct consequence of Dr. King's life work, I am living testimony to the moral force of non-violence. I know there's nothing weak, nothing passive, nothing naïve in the creed and lives of Gandhi and King.
 
But as a head of state sworn to protect and defend my nation, I cannot be guided by their examples alone. I face the world as it is and cannot stand idle in the face of threats to the American people. For make no mistake: Evil does exist in the world. A non-violent movement could not have halted Hitler's armies. Negotiations cannot convince al Qaeda's leaders to lay down their arms. To say that force may sometimes be necessary is not a call to cynicism. It is a recognition of history, the imperfections of man, and the limits of reason.
 
I raise this point, I begin with this point because in many countries there is a deep ambivalence about military action today -- no matter what the cause. And at times, this is joined by a reflexive suspicion of America, the world's sole military superpower.

Yet, the world must remember that it was not simply international institutions -- not just treaties and declarations -- that brought stability to a post-World War II world. Whatever mistakes we have made, the plain fact is this: The United States of America has helped underwrite global security for more than six decades with the blood of our citizens and the strength of our arms.  The service and sacrifice of our men and women in uniform has promoted peace and prosperity from Germany to Korea, and enabled democracy to take hold in places like the Balkans. We have borne this burden not because we seek to impose our will. We have done so out of enlightened self-interest -- because we seek a better future for our children and grandchildren, and we believe that their lives will be better if others' children and grandchildren can live in freedom and prosperity.
 
So yes, the instruments of war do have a role to play in preserving the peace. And yet this truth must coexist with another: that no matter how justified, war promises human tragedy. The soldier's courage and sacrifice is full of glory -- expressing devotion to country, to cause, to comrades in arms. But war itself is never glorious; and we must never trumpet it as such.
 
So part of our challenge is reconciling these two seemingly irreconcilable truths: that war is sometimes necessary; and war at some level is an expression of human folly. Concretely, we must direct our effort to the task that President Kennedy called for long ago. "Let us focus," he said, "on a more practical, more attainable peace, based not on a sudden revolution in human nature but on a gradual evolution in human institutions." 

A gradual evolution of human institutions.

What might this evolution look like?

What might these practical steps be?

To begin with, I believe that all nations, strong and weak alike, must adhere to standards that govern the use of force. I, like any head of state, reserve the right to act unilaterally if necessary to defend my nation. Nevertheless, I am convinced that adhering to standards, international standards, strengthens those who do and isolates and weakens those who don't.

The world rallied around America after the 9/11 attacks and continues to support our efforts in Afghanistan, because of the horror of those senseless attacks and the recognized principle of self-defense. Likewise, the world recognized the need to confront Saddam Hussein when he invaded Kuwait -- a consensus that sent a clear message to all about the cost of aggression.
 
Furthermore, America -- in fact, no nation -- can insist that others follow the rules of the road if we refuse to follow them ourselves. For when we don't, our actions appear arbitrary and undercut the legitimacy of future interventions, no matter how justified.

And this becomes particularly important when the purpose of military action extends beyond self-defense or the defense of one nation against an aggressor. More and more, we all confront difficult questions about how to prevent the slaughter of civilians by their own government, or to stop a civil war whose violence and suffering can engulf an entire region.
 
I believe that force can be justified on humanitarian grounds, as it was in the Balkans, or in other places that have been scarred by war. Inaction tears at our conscience and can lead to more costly intervention later. That's why all responsible nations must embrace the role that militaries with a clear mandate can play to keep the peace.
 
America's commitment to global security will never waver. But in a world in which threats are more diffuse and missions more complex America cannot act alone. America alone cannot secure the peace. This is true in Afghanistan. This is true in failed states like Somalia, where terrorism and piracy is joined by famine and human suffering. And sadly, it will continue to be true in unstable regions for years to come.

The leaders and soldiers of NATO countries, and other friends and allies, demonstrate this truth through the capacity and courage they've shown in Afghanistan. But in many countries, there is a disconnect between the efforts of those who serve and the ambivalence of the broader public. I understand why war is not popular, but I also know this: The belief that peace is desirable is rarely enough to achieve it.

Peace requires responsibility.

Peace entails sacrifice.

That's why NATO continues to be indispensable. That's why we must strengthen U.N. and regional peacekeeping, and not leave the task to a few countries. That's why we honor those who return home from peacekeeping and training abroad to Oslo and Rome, to Ottawa and Sydney, to Dhaka and Kigali. We honor them not as makers of war, but as -- of wagers -- but as wagers of peace.
 
Let me make one final point about the use of force. Even as we make difficult decisions about going to war, we must also think clearly about how we fight it. The Nobel Committee recognized this truth in awarding its first prize for peace to Henry Dunant -- the founder of the Red Cross, and a driving force behind the Geneva Conventions.

Where force is necessary, we have a moral and strategic interest in binding ourselves to certain rules of conduct. And even as we confront a vicious adversary that abides by no rules, I believe the United States of America must remain a standard bearer in the conduct of war. That is what makes us different from those whom we fight. That is a source of our strength. That is why I prohibited torture. That is why I ordered the prison at Guantanamo Bay closed. And that is why I have reaffirmed America's commitment to abide by the Geneva Conventions. We lose ourselves when we compromise the very ideals that we fight to defend. And we honor -- we honor those ideals by upholding them not when it's easy, but when it is hard.

I've spoken at some length to the question that must weigh on our minds and our hearts as we choose to wage war. But let me now turn to our effort to avoid such tragic choices, and speak of three ways that we can build a just and lasting peace.

First, in dealing with those nations that break rules and laws, I believe that we must develop alternatives to violence that are tough enough to actually change behavior. For if we want a lasting peace, then the words of the international community must mean something. Those regimes that break the rules must be held accountable. Sanctions must exact a real price.  Intransigence must be met with increased pressure -- and such pressure exists only when the world stands together as one.
 
One urgent example is the effort to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons, and to seek a world without them. In the middle of the last century, nations agreed to be bound by a treaty whose bargain is clear: All will have access to peaceful nuclear power; those without nuclear weapons will forsake them; and those with nuclear weapons will work towards disarmament. I am committed to upholding this treaty. It is a centerpiece of my foreign policy. And I'm working with President Medvedev to reduce America and Russia's nuclear stockpiles.
 
But it is also incumbent upon all of us to insist that nations like Iran and North Korea do not game the system. Those who claim to respect international law cannot avert their eyes when those laws are flouted. Those who care for their own security cannot ignore the danger of an arms race in the Middle East or East Asia. Those who seek peace cannot stand idly by as nations arm themselves for nuclear war.

The same principle applies to those who violate international laws by brutalizing their own people. When there is genocide in Darfur, systematic rape in Congo, repression in Burma -- there must be consequences. Yes, there will be engagement. Yes, there will be diplomacy. But there must be consequences when those things fail. And the closer we stand together, the less likely we will be faced with the choice between armed intervention and complicity in oppression.
 
This brings me to a second point: the nature of the peace that we seek. For peace is not merely the absence of visible conflict. Only a just peace based on the inherent rights and dignity of every individual can truly be lasting. It was this insight that drove drafters of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights after the Second World War. In the wake of devastation, they recognized that if human rights are not protected, peace is a hollow promise.

And yet, too often these words are ignored. For some countries, the failure to uphold human rights is excused by the false suggestion that these are somehow Western principles, foreign to local cultures or stages of a nation's development. And within America, there's long been a tension between those who describe themselves as realists or idealists -- a tension that suggests a stark choice between the narrow pursuit of interests or an endless campaign to impose our values around the world.
 
I reject these choices. I believe that peace is unstable where citizens are denied the right to speak freely or worship as they please; choose their own leaders or assemble without fear.  Pent-up grievances fester, and the suppression of tribal and religious identity can lead to violence. We also know that the opposite is true. Only when Europe became free did it finally find peace. America has never fought a war against a democracy, and our closest friends are governments that protect the rights of their citizens. No matter how callously defined, neither America's interests -- nor the world's -- are served by the denial of human aspirations.

So even as we respect the unique culture and traditions of different countries, America will always be a voice for those aspirations that are universal. We will bear witness to the quiet dignity of reformers like Aung Sang Suu Kyi, to the bravery of Zimbabweans who cast their ballots in the face of beatings, to the hundreds of thousands who have marched silently through the streets of Iran. It is telling that the leaders of these governments fear the aspirations of their own people more than the power of any other nation. And it is the responsibility of all free people and free nations to make clear that these movements -- these movements of hope and history -- they have us on their side.
 
Let me also say this: The promotion of human rights cannot be about exhortation alone. At times, it must be coupled with painstaking diplomacy. I know that engagement with repressive regimes lacks the satisfying purity of indignation. But I also know that sanctions without outreach -- condemnation without discussion -- can carry forward only a crippling status quo. No repressive regime can move down a new path unless it has the choice of an open door.
 
In light of the Cultural Revolution's horrors, Nixon's meeting with Mao appeared inexcusable -- and yet it surely helped set China on a path where millions of its citizens have been lifted from poverty and connected to open societies. Pope John Paul's engagement with Poland created space not just for the Catholic Church, but for labor leaders like Lech Walesa. Ronald Reagan's efforts on arms control and embrace of perestroika not only improved relations with the Soviet Union, but empowered dissidents throughout Eastern Europe. There's no simple formula here.  But we must try as best we can to balance isolation and engagement, pressure and incentives, so that human rights and dignity are advanced over time.
 
Third, a just peace includes not only civil and political rights -- it must encompass economic security and opportunity. For true -- true peace is not just freedom from fear, but freedom from want. It is undoubtedly true that development rarely takes root without security; it is also true that security does not exist where human beings do not have access to enough food, or clean water, or the medicine and shelter they need to survive. It does not exist where children can't aspire to a decent education or a job that supports a family. The absence of hope can rot a society from within.
 
And that's why helping farmers feed their own people, or nations educate their children and care for the sick, is not mere charity. It's also why the world must come together to confront climate change. There is little scientific dispute that if we do nothing, we will face more drought, more famine, more mass displacement -- all of which will fuel more conflict for decades. For this reason, it is not merely scientists and environmental activists who call for swift and forceful action. It's military leaders in my own country and others who understand our common security hangs in the balance.
 
Agreements among nations. Strong institutions. Support for human rights. Investments in development. All these are vital ingredients in bringing about the evolution that President Kennedy spoke about. And yet, I do not believe that we will have the will, the determination, the staying power, to complete this work without something more; and that's the continued expansion of our moral imagination -- an insistence that there's something irreducible that we all share.
 
As the world grows smaller, you might think it would be easier for human beings to recognize how similar we are -- to understand that we're all basically seeking the same things, that we all hope for the chance to live out our lives with some measure of happiness and fulfillment for ourselves and our families.
 
And yet, somehow, given the dizzying pace of globalization, the cultural leveling of modernity, it perhaps comes as no surprise that people fear the loss of what they cherish in their particular identities -- their -- their race, their tribe, and perhaps most powerfully their religion. In some places, this fear has led to conflict. At times, it even feels like we're moving backwards. We see it in the Middle East, as the conflict between Arabs and Jews seems to harden. We see it in nations that are torn asunder by tribal lines.

And most dangerously, we see it in the way that religion is used to justify the murder of innocents by those who have distorted and defiled the great religion of Islam, and who attacked my country from Afghanistan. These extremists are not the first to kill in the name of God. The cruelties of the Crusades are amply recorded. But they remind us that no Holy War can ever be a just war. For if you truly believe that you are carrying out divine will, then there is no need for restraint -- no need to spare the pregnant mother, or the medic, or the Red Cross worker, or even a person of one own's [sic] faith.

Such a warped view of religion is not just incompatible with the concept of peace, but I believe it's incompatible with the very purpose of faith: For the one rule that lies at the heart of every major religion is that we do unto others as we would have them do unto us. Adhering to this law of love has always been the core struggle of human nature. For we are fallible. We make mistakes, and fall victim to the temptations of pride, and power, and sometimes evil. Even those of us with the best of intentions will at time[s] fail to right the wrongs before us.

But we do not have to think that human nature is perfect for us to still believe that the human condition can be perfected. We do not have to live in an idealized world to still reach for those ideals that will make it a better place. The non-violence practiced by men like Gandhi and King may not have been practical or possible in every circumstance, but the love that they preached -- their fundamental faith in human progress -- that must always be the North Star that guides us on our journey.
 
For if we lose that faith -- if we dismiss it as silly or naïve; if we divorce it from the decisions that we make on issues of war and peace -- then we lose what's best about humanity. We lose our sense of possibility. We lose our moral compass.
 
Like generations have before us, we must reject that future. As Dr. King said at this occasion so many years ago, "I refuse to accept despair as the final response to the ambiguities of history. I refuse to accept the idea that the 'isness' of man's present condition makes him morally incapable of reaching up for the eternal 'oughtness' that forever confronts him." Let us reach for the world that ought to be -- that spark of the divine that still st[i]rs within each of our souls.

Somewhere today, in the here and now, in the world as it is, a soldier sees he's outgunned, but stands firm to keep the peace. Somewhere today, in this world, a young protestor awaits the brutality of her government, but has the courage to march on. Somewhere today, a mother facing punishing poverty still takes the time to teach her child, scrapes together what few coins she has to send that child to school -- because she believes that a cruel world still has a place for that child's dreams.

Let us live by their example. We can acknowledge that oppression will always be with us, and still strive for justice. We can admit the intractability of depravation, and still strive for dignity. Clear-eyed, we can understand that there will be war, and still strive for peace. We can do that -- for that is the story of human progress; that's the hope of all the world; and at this moment of challenge, that must be our work here on Earth.

Thank you very much.

Good morning. It is an honor for me to join this distinguished group of leaders from nations around the world. We come here in Copenhagen because climate change poses a grave and growing danger to our people. All of you would not be here unless you -- like me -- were convinced that this danger is real. This is not fiction, it is science. Unchecked, climate change will pose unacceptable risks to our security, our economies, and our planet. This much we know.

The question, then, before us is no longer the nature of the challenge. The question is our capacity to meet it. For while the reality of climate change is not in doubt, I have to be honest, as the world watches us today, I think our ability to take collective action is in doubt right now, and it hangs in the balance.

I believe we can act boldly, and decisively, in the face of a common threat. That's why I come here today -- not to talk, but to act.

Now, as the world's largest economy and as the world's second largest emitter, America bears our responsibility to address climate change, and we intend to meet that responsibility. That's why we've renewed our leadership within international climate change negotiations. That's why we've worked with other nations to phase out fossil fuel subsidies. That's why we've taken bold action at home -- by making historic investments in renewable energy; by putting our people to work increasing efficiency in our homes and buildings; and by pursuing comprehensive legislation to transform to a clean energy economy.

These mitigation actions are ambitious, and we are taking them not simply to meet global responsibilities. We are convinced, as some of you may be convinced, that changing the way we produce and use energy is essential to America's economic future -- that it will create millions of new jobs, power new industries, keep us competitive, and spark new innovation. We're convinced, for our own self-interest, that the way we use energy, changing it to a more efficient fashion, is essential to our national security, because it helps to reduce our dependence on foreign oil, and helps us deal with some of the dangers posed by climate change.

So I want this plenary session to understand, America is going to continue on this course of action to mitigate our emissions and to move towards a clean energy economy, no matter what happens here in Copenhagen. We think it is good for us, as well as good for the world. But we also believe that we will all be stronger, all be safer, all be more secure if we act together. That's why it is in our mutual interest to achieve a global accord in which we agree to certain steps, and to hold each other accountable to certain commitments.

After months of talk, after two weeks of negotiations, after innumerable side meetings, bilateral meetings, endless hours of discussion among negotiators, I believe that the pieces of that accord should now be clear.

First, all major economies must put forward decisive national actions that will reduce their emissions, and begin to turn the corner on climate change. I'm pleased that many of us have already done so. Almost all the major economies have put forward legitimate targets, significant targets, ambitious targets. And I'm confident that America will fulfill the commitments that we have made: cutting our emissions in the range of 17 percent by 2020, and by more than 80 percent by 2050 in line with final legislation.

Second, we must have a mechanism to review whether we are keeping our commitments, and exchange this information in a transparent manner. These measures need not be intrusive, or infringe upon sovereignty. They must, however, ensure that an accord is credible, and that we're living up to our obligations. Without such accountability, any agreement would be empty words on a page.

I don't know how you have an international agreement where we all are not sharing information and ensuring that we are meeting our commitments. That doesn't make sense. It would be a hollow victory.

Number three, we must have financing that helps developing countries adapt, particularly the least developed and most vulnerable countries to climate change. America will be a part of fast-start funding that will ramp up to $10 billion by 2012. And yesterday, Secretary Hillary Clinton, my Secretary of State, made it clear that we will engage in a global effort to mobilize $100 billion in financing by 2020, if -- and only if -- it is part of a broader accord that I have just described.

Mitigation. Transparency. Financing. It's a clear formula -- one that embraces the principle of common but differentiated responses and respective capabilities. And it adds up to a significant accord -- one that takes us farther than we have ever gone before as an international community.

I just want to say to this plenary session that we are running short on time. And at this point, the question is whether we will move forward together or split apart, whether we prefer posturing to action. I'm sure that many consider this an imperfect framework that I just described. No country will get everything that it wants. There are those developing countries that want aid with no strings attached, and no obligations with respect to transparency. They think that the most advanced nations should pay a higher price. I understand that. There are those advanced nations who think that developing countries either cannot absorb this assistance, or that will not be held accountable effectively, and that the world's fastest-growing emitters should bear a greater share of the burden.

We know the fault lines because we've been imprisoned by them for years. These international discussions have essentially taken place now for almost two decades, and we have very little to show for it other than an increased acceleration of the climate change phenomenon. The time for talk is over. This is the bottom line: We can embrace this accord, take a substantial step forward, continue to refine it and build upon its foundation. We can do that, and everyone who is in this room will be part of a historic endeavor -- one that makes life better for our children and our grandchildren.

Or we can choose delay, falling back into the same divisions that have stood in the way of action for years. And we will be back having the same stale arguments month after month, year after year, perhaps decade after decade, all while the danger of climate change grows until it is irreversible.

Ladies and gentlemen, there is no time to waste. America has made our choice. We have charted our course. We have made our commitments. We will do what we say. Now I believe it's the time for the nations and the people of the world to come together behind a common purpose.

We are ready to get this done today -- but there has to be movement on all sides to recognize that it is better for us to act than to talk; it’s better for us to choose action over inaction; the future over the past -- and with courage and faith, I believe that we can meet our responsibility to our people, and the future of our planet.

Thank you very much.

Thank you, everybody, for being here.

As we all know, our country has endured the deepest recession we've faced in generations. And much of the turmoil was caused by irresponsibility on the part of banks and financial institutions. Firms took reckless risks in pursuit of short-term profits and soaring bonuses, triggering a financial crisis that nearly pulled the economy into a second Great Depression.

It was little more than a year ago that we stood on that precipice. Several of the world's largest financial institutions had already failed. Credit markets froze and banks refused to lend. Trillions of dollars in household savings evaporated as stocks, pensions, and home values plummeted. And we were losing hundreds of thousands of jobs each month. It was at this time that many large financial firms -- those left standing -- teetered on the brink of collapse, overwhelmed by the consequences of their irresponsible decisions.

Now, even though these firms were largely facing a crisis of their own making, their failure could have led to an even greater calamity for the country. So the Federal Reserve and other agencies took emergency measures to prevent that outcome. And the previous Administration started a program -- the Troubled Asset Relief Program, or TARP -- to provide these financial institutions with funds to survive the turmoil that they had helped unleash. It was a distasteful but necessary thing to do.

Now, we've worked over the last year to manage this program effectively, to hold firms accountable, and to recoup as much tax money as possible. Many originally feared that most of the 700 billion dollars in TARP money would be lost. But because of the management of this program by Secretary Geithner and my economic team, we've now recovered the majority of the funds provided to banks.

As far as I'm concerned, however, that's not good enough. My commitment is to the taxpayer.  My commitment is to recover every single dime the American people are owed. And my determination to achieve this goal is only heightened when I see reports of massive profits and obscene bonuses at some of the very firms who owe their continued existence to the American people -- folks who have not been made whole, and who continue to face real hardship in this recession.

We want our money back. And we're going to get it.

And that's why I'm proposing a "Financial Crisis Responsibility Fee" to be imposed on major financial firms until the American people are fully compensated for the extraordinary assistance they provided to Wall Street. If these companies are in good enough shape to afford massive bonuses, they are surely in good enough shape to afford paying back every penny to taxpayers.

Now, our estimate is that the TARP program will end up costing taxpayers around 117 billion dollars -- obviously a lot less than the 700 billion that people had feared, but still a lot of money. The fee will be in place for 10 years, or as long as it takes to raise the full amount necessary to cover all taxpayer losses. This will not be a cost borne by community banks or small financial firms. Only the largest firms with more than 50 billion dollars in assets will be affected. And the size of the fee each bank owes will be based on its size and exposure to debt, so that we are recovering tax dollars while promoting reform of the banking practices that contributed to this crisis.

Now, the fact is these financial institutions are essential to our economy. They provide capital and credit to families purchasing homes, students attending college, businesses seeking to start up or expand. And that's why the rescue program was as necessary as it was unfortunate.  And that is why, through this fee and broader reforms that we seek, our goal is not to punish Wall Street firms, but rather to prevent the abuse and excess that nearly caused the collapse of many of these firms and the financial system itself.

We cannot go back to "business as usual." And when we see reports of firms once again engaging in risky bets to reap quick rewards, when we see a return to compensation practices that seem not to reflect what the country has been through, all that looks like business as usual to me. The financial industry has even launched a massive lobbying campaign, locking arms with the opposition Party, to stand in the way of reforms to prevent another crisis. That, too, unfortunately, is business as usual. And we're already hearing a hue and cry from Wall Street suggesting that this proposed fee is not only unwelcome but unfair -- that by some twisted logic it is more appropriate for the American people to bear the costs of the bailout, rather than the industry that benefited from it, even though these executives are out there giving themselves huge bonuses.

What I'd say to these executives is this: Instead of sending a phalanx of lobbyists to fight this proposal, or employing an army of lawyers and accountants to help evade the fee, I suggest you might want to consider simply meeting your responsibilities. And I'd urge you to cover the costs of the rescue not by sticking it to your shareholders or your customers or fellow citizens with the bill, but by rolling back bonuses for top earners and executives. And more broadly, I am continuing to call on these firms to put greater effort into helping families stay in their homes, to provide small businesses with needed loans, and to embrace -- rather than fight -- serious financial reform.

Ultimately, it is by taking responsibility -- on Wall Street, here in Washington, all the way to Main Street -- that we're going to move past this period of turmoil. That's how we're going to avoid the cycles of boom and bust that have caused so much havoc. That's how we're going to promote vibrant markets that reward innovation and entrepreneurship and hard work. That's how we're going to create sustained growth without the looming threat of another costly crisis. That's not only in the best interests of the economy as a whole; it's actually in the interest of these large banks.

So, I'm going to be working closely with Congress on this proposal.

And on behalf of the American people, I look forward to signing it into law.

Thank you very much.

Good morning.  Praise be to God.  Let me begin by thanking the entire Vermont Avenue Baptist Church family for welcoming our family here today.  It feels like a family.  Thank you for making us feel that way.  To Pastor Wheeler, first lady Wheeler, thank you so much for welcoming us here today.  Congratulations on Jordan Denice -- aka Cornelia. 

Michelle and I have been blessed with a new nephew this year as well -- Austin Lucas Robinson.  So maybe at the appropriate time we can make introductions. Now, if Jordan's father is like me, then that will be in about 30 years. That is a great blessing.

Michelle and Malia and Sasha and I are thrilled to be here today.  And I know that sometimes you have to go through a little fuss to have me as a guest speaker. So let me apologize in advance for all the fuss.

We gather here, on a Sabbath, during a time of profound difficulty for our nation and for our world.  In such a time, it soothes the soul to seek out the Divine in a spirit of prayer; to seek solace among a community of believers.  But we are not here just to ask the Lord for His blessing.  We aren't here just to interpret His Scripture.  We're also here to call on the memory of one of His noble servants, the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.

Now, it's fitting that we do so here, within the four walls of Vermont Avenue Baptist Church -- here, in a church that rose like the phoenix from the ashes of the civil war; here in a church formed by freed slaves, whose founding pastor had worn the union blue; here in a church from whose pews congregants set out for marches and from whom choir anthems of freedom were heard; from whose sanctuary King himself would sermonize from time to time.

One of those times was Thursday, December 6, 1956.  Pastor, you said you were a little older than me, so were you around at that point? You were three years old -- okay. I wasn’t born yet.
 
On Thursday, December 6, 1956.  And before Dr. King had pointed us to the mountaintop, before he told us about his dream in front of the Lincoln Memorial, King came here, as a 27-year-old preacher, to speak on what he called "The Challenge of a New Age."  "The Challenge of a New Age."  It was a period of triumph, but also uncertainty, for Dr. King and his followers -- because just weeks earlier, the Supreme Court had ordered the desegregation of Montgomery's buses, a hard-wrought, hard-fought victory that would put an end to the 381-day historic boycott down in Montgomery, Alabama.

And yet, as Dr. King rose to take that pulpit, the future still seemed daunting.  It wasn't clear what would come next for the movement that Dr. King led.  It wasn't clear how we were going to reach the Promised Land.  Because segregation was still rife; lynchings still a fact.  Yes, the Supreme Court had ruled not only on the Montgomery buses, but also on Brown v. Board of Education.  And yet that ruling was defied throughout the South -- by schools and by states; they ignored it with impunity.  And here in the nation's capital, the federal government had yet to fully align itself with the laws on its books and the ideals of its founding. 

So it's not hard for us, then, to imagine that moment.  We can imagine folks coming to this church, happy about the boycott being over.  We can also imagine them, though, coming here concerned about their future, sometimes second-guessing strategy, maybe fighting off some creeping doubts, perhaps despairing about whether the movement in which they had placed so many of their hopes -- a movement in which they believed so deeply -- could actually deliver on its promise.

So here we are, more than half a century later, once again facing the challenges of a new age.  Here we are, once more marching toward an unknown future, what I call the Joshua generation to their Moses generation -- the great inheritors of progress paid for with sweat and blood, and sometimes life itself. 

We've inherited the progress of unjust laws that are now overturned.  We take for granted the progress of a ballot being available to anybody who wants to take the time to actually vote. We enjoy the fruits of prejudice and bigotry being lifted -- slowly, sometimes in fits and starts, but irrevocably -- from human hearts.  It's that progress that made it possible for me to be here today; for the good people of this country to elect an African American the 44th President of the United States of America.   

Reverend Wheeler mentioned the inauguration, last year's election.  You know, on the heels of that victory over a year ago, there were some who suggested that somehow we had entered into a post-racial America, all those problems would be solved.  There were those who argued that because I had spoke of a need for unity in this country that our nation was somehow entering into a period of post-partisanship.  That didn’t work out so well.  There was a hope shared by many that life would be better from the moment that I swore that oath.

Of course, as we meet here today, one year later, we know the promise of that moment has not yet been fully fulfilled.  Because of an era of greed and irresponsibility that sowed the seeds of its own demise, because of persistent economic troubles unaddressed through the generations, because of a banking crisis that brought the financial system to the brink of catastrophe, we are being tested -- in our own lives and as a nation -- as few have been tested before.

Unemployment is at its highest level in more than a quarter of a century.  Nowhere is it higher than the African American community.  Poverty is on the rise.  Home ownership is slipping. Beyond our shores, our sons and daughters are fighting two wars. Closer to home, our Haitian brothers and sisters are in desperate need.  Bruised, battered, many people are legitimately feeling doubt, even despair, about the future.  Like those who came to this church on that Thursday in 1956, folks are wondering, where do we go from here?

I understand those feelings.  I understand the frustration and sometimes anger that so many folks feel as they struggle to stay afloat.  I get letters from folks around the country every day; I read 10 a night out of the 40,000 that we receive.  And there are stories of hardship and desperation, in some cases, pleading for help:  I need a job.  I'm about to lose my home.  I don't have health care -- it's about to cause my family to be bankrupt.  Sometimes you get letters from children:  My mama or my daddy have lost their jobs, is there something you can do to help?  Ten letters like that a day we read.

So, yes, we're passing through a hard winter.  It's the hardest in some time.  But let's always remember that, as a people, the American people, we've weathered some hard winters before.  This country was founded during some harsh winters.  The fishermen, the laborers, the craftsmen who made camp at Valley Forge -- they weathered a hard winter.  The slaves and the freedmen who rode an underground railroad, seeking the light of justice under the cover of night -- they weathered a hard winter. The seamstress whose feet were tired, the pastor whose voice echoes through the ages -- they weathered some hard winters.  It was for them, as it is for us, difficult, in the dead of winter, to sometimes see spring coming.  They, too, sometimes felt their hopes deflate.  And yet, each season, the frost melts, the cold recedes, the sun reappears.  So it was for earlier generations and so it will be for us.

What we need to do is to just ask what lessons we can learn from those earlier generations about how they sustained themselves during those hard winters, how they persevered and prevailed.  Let us in this Joshua generation learn how that Moses generation overcame. 

Let me offer a few thoughts on this.  First and foremost, they did so by remaining firm in their resolve.  Despite being threatened by sniper fire or planted bombs, by shoving and punching and spitting and angry stares, they adhered to that sweet spirit of resistance, the principles of nonviolence that had accounted for their success.

Second, they understood that as much as our government and our political parties had betrayed them in the past -- as much as our nation itself had betrayed its own ideals -- government, if aligned with the interests of its people, can be -- and must be  -- a force for good.  So they stayed on the Justice Department.  They went into the courts.  They pressured Congress, they pressured their President.  They didn’t give up on this country. They didn’t give up on government.  They didn’t somehow say government was the problem; they said, we're going to change government, we're going to make it better.  Imperfect as it was, they continued to believe in the promise of democracy; in America's constant ability to remake itself, to perfect this union.

Third, our predecessors were never so consumed with theoretical debates that they couldn't see progress when it came. Sometimes I get a little frustrated when folks just don't want to see that even if we don't get everything, we're getting something. King understood that the desegregation of the Armed Forces didn’t end the civil rights movement, because black and white soldiers still couldn't sit together at the same lunch counter when they came home.  But he still insisted on the rightness of desegregating the Armed Forces.  That was a good first step -- even as he called for more.  He didn’t suggest that somehow by the signing of the Civil Rights that somehow all discrimination would end.  But he also didn’t think that we shouldn’t sign the Civil Rights Act because it hasn’t solved every problem.  Let's take a victory, he said, and then keep on marching.  Forward steps, large and small, were recognized for what they were -- which was progress.

Fourth, at the core of King's success was an appeal to conscience that touched hearts and opened minds, a commitment to universal ideals -- of freedom, of justice, of equality -- that spoke to all people, not just some people.  For King understood that without broad support, any movement for civil rights could not be sustained.  That's why he marched with the white auto worker in Detroit.  That's why he linked arm with the Mexican farm worker in California, and united people of all colors in the noble quest for freedom.

Of course, King overcame in other ways as well.  He remained strategically focused on gaining ground -- his eyes on the prize constantly -- understanding that change would not be easy, understand that change wouldn't come overnight, understanding that there would be setbacks and false starts along the way, but understanding, as he said in 1956, that "we can walk and never get weary, because we know there is a great camp meeting in the promised land of freedom and justice."

And it's because the Moses generation overcame that the trials we face today are very different from the ones that tested us in previous generations.  Even after the worst recession in generations, life in America is not even close to being as brutal as it was back then for so many.  That's the legacy of Dr. King and his movement.  That's our inheritance.  Having said that, let there be no doubt the challenges of our new age are serious in their own right, and we must face them as squarely as they faced the challenges they saw.

I know it's been a hard road we've traveled this year to rescue the economy, but the economy is growing again.  The job losses have finally slowed, and around the country, there's signs that businesses and families are beginning to rebound.  We are making progress.

I know it's been a hard road that we've traveled to reach this point on health reform.  I promise you I know.  But under the legislation I will sign into law, insurance companies won't be able to drop you when you get sick, and more than 30 million people -- our fellow Americans will finally have insurance.  More than 30 million men and women and children, mothers and fathers, won't be worried about what might happen to them if they get sick.  This will be a victory not for Democrats; this will be a victory for dignity and decency, for our common humanity.  This will be a victory for the United States of America.

Let's work to change the political system, as imperfect as it is.  I know people can feel down about the way things are going sometimes here in Washington.  I know it's tempting to give up on the political process.  But we've put in place tougher rules on lobbying and ethics and transparency -- tougher rules than any administration in history.  It's not enough, but it's progress.  Progress is possible.  Don't give up on voting.  Don't give up on advocacy.  Don't give up on activism.  There are too many needs to be met, too much work to be done.  Like Dr. King said, "We must accept finite disappointment but never lose infinite hope."

Let us broaden our coalition, building a confederation not of liberals or conservatives, not of red states or blue states, but of all Americans who are hurting today, and searching for a better tomorrow.  The urgency of the hour demands that we make common cause with all of America's workers -- white, black, brown -- all of whom are being hammered by this recession, all of whom are yearning for that spring to come.  It demands that we reach out to those who've been left out in the cold even when the economy is good, even when we're not in recession -- the youth in the inner cities, the youth here in Washington, D.C., people in rural communities who haven't seen prosperity reach them for a very long time.  It demands that we fight discrimination, whatever form it may come.  That means we fight discrimination  against gays and lesbians, and we make common cause to reform our immigration system.

And finally, we have to recognize, as Dr. King did, that progress can't just come from without -- it also has to come from within.  And over the past year, for example, we've made meaningful improvements in the field of education.  I've got a terrific Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan.  He's been working hard with states and working hard with the D.C. school district, and we've insisted on reform, and we've insisted on accountability.  We we're putting in more money and we've provided more Pell Grants and more tuition tax credits and simpler financial aid forms.  We've done all that, but parents still need to parent.  Kids still need to own up to their responsibilities.  We still have to set high expectations for our young people.  Folks can't simply look to government for all the answers without also looking inside themselves, inside their own homes, for some of the answers.

Progress will only come if we're willing to promote that ethic of hard work, a sense of responsibility, in our own lives. I'm not talking, by the way, just to the African American community.  Sometimes when I say these things people assme, well, he's just talking to black people about working hard.  No, no, no, no.  I'm talking to the American community.  Because somewhere along the way, we, as a nation, began to lose touch with some of our core values.  You know what I'm talking about.  We became enraptured with the false prophets who prophesized an easy path to success, paved with credit cards and home equity loans and get-rich-quick schemes, and the most important thing was to be a celebrity; it doesn’t matter what you do, as long as you get on TV.  That's everybody.

We forgot what made the bus boycott a success; what made the civil rights movement a success; what made the United States of America a success -- that, in this country, there's no substitute for hard work, no substitute for a job well done, no substitute for being responsible stewards of God's blessings.

What we're called to do, then, is rebuild America from its foundation on up.  To reinvest in the essentials that we've neglected for too long -- like health care, like education, like a better energy policy, like basic infrastructure, like scientific research.  Our generation is called to buckle down and get back to basics.

We must do so not only for ourselves, but also for our children, and their children.  For Jordan and for Austin.  That's a sacrifice that falls on us to make.  It's a much smaller sacrifice than the Moses generation had to make, but it's still a sacrifice.  

Yes, it's hard to transition to a clean energy economy.  Sometimes it may be inconvenient, but it's a sacrifice that we have to make.  It's hard to be fiscally responsible when we have all these human needs, and we're inheriting enormous deficits and debt, but that's a sacrifice that we're going to have to make.  You know, it's easy, after a hard day's work, to just put your kid in front of the TV set -- you're tired, don't want to fuss with them -- instead of reading to them, but that's a sacrifice we must joyfully accept. 

Sometimes it's hard to be a good father and good mother. Sometimes it's hard to be a good neighbor, or a good citizen, to give up time in service of others, to give something of ourselves to a cause that's greater than ourselves -- as Michelle and I are urging folks to do tomorrow to honor and celebrate Dr. King.  But these are sacrifices that we are called to make.  These are sacrifices that our faith calls us to make.  Our faith in the future.  Our faith in America.  Our faith in God. 

And on his sermon all those years ago, Dr. King quoted a poet's verse:

Truth forever on the scaffold
Wrong forever on the throne…
And behind the dim unknown stands God
Within the shadows keeping watch above his own.

Even as Dr. King stood in this church, a victory in the past and uncertainty in the future, he trusted God.  He trusted that God would make a way.  A way for prayers to be answered.  A way for our union to be perfected.  A way for the arc of the moral universe, no matter how long, to slowly bend towards truth and bend towards freedom, to bend towards justice.  He had faith that God would make a way out of no way.

You know, folks ask me sometimes why I look so calm. They say, all this stuff coming at you, how come you just seem calm?  And I have a confession to make here.  There are times where I'm not so calm. Reggie Love knows.  My wife knows.  There are times when progress seems too slow.  There are times when the words that are spoken about me hurt.  There are times when the barbs sting.  There are times when it feels like all these efforts are for naught, and change is so painfully slow in coming, and I have to confront my own doubts. 

But let me tell you -- during those times it's faith that keeps me calm. It's faith that gives me peace.  The same faith that leads a single mother to work two jobs to put a roof over her head when she has doubts.  The same faith that keeps an unemployed father to keep on submitting job applications even after he's been rejected a hundred times.  The same faith that says to a teacher even if the first nine children she's teaching she can't reach, that that 10th one she's going to be able to reach.  The same faith that breaks the silence of an earthquake's wake with the sound of prayers and hymns sung by a Haitian community.  A faith in things not seen, in better days ahead, in Him who holds the future in the hollow of His hand.  A faith that lets us mount up on wings like eagles; lets us run and not be weary; lets us walk and not faint.

So let us hold fast to that faith, as Joshua held fast to the faith of his fathers, and together, we shall overcome the challenges of a new age. Together, we shall seize the promise of this moment.  Together, we shall make a way through winter, and we're going to welcome the spring.  Through God all things are possible.

May the memory of Dr. Martin Luther King continue to inspire us and ennoble our world and all who inhabit it.  And may God bless the United States of America.

Thank you very much, everybody.  God bless you.

Good morning. And thank you to everyone who worked to bring us to this day, especially the International Auschwitz Council and the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum.

To President Kacynski, Prime Minister Tusk, and to the people of Poland: Thank you for preserving a place of such great pain for the Polish people, but a place of remembrance and learning for the world.

Although I can’t be with you in person, I am proud that the United States is represented there today by a delegation of distinguished Americans, including Ambassador Feinstein; my wife Michelle’s chief of staff, Susan Sher; and my good friend, and the son of Holocaust survivors, Julius Genachowski.

And let me commend you for recognizing a woman who has devoted her life to preserving the lessons of the shoah for future generations -- Sara Bloomfield of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington.

But most of all, I want to thank those of you who found the strength to come back again, so many years later, despite the horror you saw here, the suffering you endured here, and the loved ones you lost here. Those of us who did not live through those dark days will never truly understand what it means to have hate literally etched into your arms. But we understand the message that you carry in your hearts.

For you know the truth that Elie Wiesel spoke when I stood with him at Buchenwald last spring.  There, where his father and so many innocent souls left this earth, Elie said: "...memory has become [a] sacred duty of all people of goodwill.”

We have a sacred duty to remember the twisted thinking that led here -- how a great society of culture and science succumbed to the worst instincts of man and rationalized mass murder and one of the most barbaric acts in history.

We have a sacred duty to remember the cruelty that occurred here, as told in the simple objects that speak to us even now: the suitcases that still bear their names; the wooden clogs they wore; the round bowls from which they ate; those brick buildings from which there was no escape -- where so many Jews died with Sh’ma Israel on their lips; and the very earth at Auschwitz, which is still hallowed by their ashes -- Jews and those who tried to save them, Polish and Hungarian, French and Dutch, Roma and Russian, straight and gay, and so many others.

But even as we recall man’s capacity for evil, Auschwitz also tells another story -- of man’s capacity for good: the small acts of compassion -- the sharing of some bread that kept a child alive; the great acts of resistance that blew up the crematorium and tried to stop the slaughter; the Polish Rescuers; and those who earned their place forever in the Righteous Among the Nations.

And you: the survivors.

The perpetrators of that crime tried to annihilate the entire Jewish people. But they failed. Because 65 years ago today, when the gates flew open, you were still standing. And every day that you have lived, every child and grandchild that your families have brought into the world with love, every day the sun rises on the Jewish state of Israel -- that is the ultimate rebuke to the ignorance and hatred of this place.

So to those of you who have come back today, I say, no, you are not “former prisoners.” You are living memorials: living memorials to the loved ones you left here, and to the spirit we must strive to uphold in our time -- not simply to bear witness, but to bear a burden -- the burden of seeing our common humanity; of resisting anti-Semitism and ignorance in all its forms; of refusing to become bystanders to evil, whenever and wherever it rears its ugly face.

Let that be the true meaning of Auschwitz. Let that be the liberation we celebrate today -- a liberation of the spirit that, if embraced, can lead us all -- individuals and as nations -- to be among the righteous.

May God bless you all, and may God bless the memory of all those who rest here.

Madame Speaker, Vice President Biden, Members of Congress, distinguished guests, and fellow Americans:

Our Constitution declares that from time to time, the President shall give to Congress information about the state of our union. For two hundred and twenty years, our leaders [have] fulfilled this duty. They've done so during periods of prosperity and tranquility. And they've done so in the midst of war and depression -- at moments of great strife and great struggle.

It's tempting to look back on these moments and assume that our progress was inevitable -- that America was always destined to succeed. But when the Union was turned back at Bull Run and the Allies first landed at Omaha Beach, victory was very much in doubt. When the market crashed on Black Tuesday and civil rights marchers were beaten on Bloody Sunday, the future was anything but certain. These were the times that tested the courage of our convictions, and the strength of our union. And despite all our divisions and disagreements, our hesitations and our fears, America prevailed because we chose to move forward as one nation, and one people.

Again, we are tested. And again, we must answer history's call.

One year ago, I took office amid two wars, an economy rocked by a severe recession, a financial system on the verge of collapse, and a government deeply in debt. Experts from across the political spectrum warned that if we did not act, we might face a second depression. So we acted -- immediately and aggressively. And one year later, the worst of the storm has passed.

But the devastation remains. One in ten Americans still cannot find work. Many businesses have shuttered. Home values have declined. Small towns and rural communities have been hit especially hard. And for those who had already known poverty, life's become that much harder.

And this recession has also compounded the burdens that America's families have been dealing with for decades: the burden of working harder and longer for less, of being unable to save enough to retire, or help kids with college.

So I know the anxieties that are out there right now. They're not new. These struggles are the reason I ran for President. These struggles are what I've witnessed for years in places like Elkhart, Indiana; Galesburg, Illinois. I hear about them in the letters that I read each night. The toughest to read are those written by children, asking why they have to move from their home, asking or when their mom or dad will be able to go back to work.

For these Americans and so many others, change has not come fast enough. Some are frustrated; some are angry. They don't understand why it seems like bad behavior on Wall Street is rewarded but hard work on Main Street isn't; or why Washington has been unable or unwilling to solve any of our problems. They're tired of the partisanship and the shouting and the pettiness. They know we can't afford it. Not now.

So we face big and difficult challenges. And what the American people hope -- what they deserve -- is for all of us, Democrats and Republicans, to work through our differences; to overcome the numbing weight of our politics. For while the people who sent us here have different backgrounds, different stories, different beliefs, the anxieties they face are the same. The aspirations they hold are shared: a job that pays the bills; a chance to get ahead. Most of all, the ability to give their children a better life.

And you know what else they share? They share a stubborn resilience in the face of adversity. After one of the most difficult years in our history, they remain busy building cars and teaching kids, starting businesses, and going back to school. They're coaching little league and helping their neighbors. One woman wrote to me and said, "We are strained but hopeful, struggling but encouraged."

It's because of this spirit -- this great decency and great strength -- that I have never been more hopeful about America's future than I am tonight.

Despite -- Despite our hardships, our union is strong. We do not give up. We do not quit. We do not allow fear or division to break our spirit. In this new decade, it's time the American people get a government that matches their decency, that embodies their strength. And tonight -- tonight I'd like to talk about how, together, we can deliver on that promise.

It begins with our economy. Our most urgent -- Our most urgent task upon taking office was to shore up the same banks that helped cause this crisis. It was not easy to do. And if there's one thing that has unified Democrats and Republicans -- and everybody in between -- it's that we all hated the bank bailout. I hated it -- I hated it -- I hated it. You hated it. It was about as popular as a root canal.

But when I ran for President, I promised I wouldn't just do what was popular -- I would do what was necessary. And if we had allowed the meltdown of the financial system, unemployment might be double what it is today. More businesses would certainly have closed. More homes would have surely been lost. So I supported the last Administration's efforts to create the financial rescue program. And when we took the program over, we made it more transparent and more accountable. And as a result, the markets are now stabilized, and we've recovered most of the money we spent on the banks.

Most, but not all. To recover the rest, I've proposed a fee on the biggest banks.

Now -- Now, I know Wall Street isn't keen on this idea, but if these firms can afford to hand out big bonuses again, they can afford a modest fee to pay back the taxpayers who rescued them in their time of need.

Now, as we stabilized the financial system, we also took steps to get our economy growing again, save as many jobs as possible, and help Americans who had become unemployed. That's why we extended or increased unemployment benefits for more than 18 million Americans, made health insurance 65% cheaper for families who get their coverage through COBRA, and passed 25 different tax cuts.

Now, let me repeat: We cut taxes.

We cut taxes for 95% of working families.

We cut taxes for small businesses.

We cut taxes for first-time homebuyers.

We cut taxes for parents trying to care for their children.

We cut taxes for eight million Americans paying for college.

(I thought I'd get some applause on that one.)

As a result -- As a result, millions of Americans had more to spend on gas, and food, and other necessities -- all of which helped businesses keep more workers. And we haven't raised income taxes by a single dime on a single person. Not a single dime.

Now, because of the steps we took, there are about two million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed. 200,000 work in construction and clean energy. 300,000 are teachers and other education workers. Tens of thousands are cops, firefighters, correctional officers, first responders. And we're on track to add another one and a half million jobs to this total by the end of the year.

The plan that has made all of this possible, from the tax cuts to the jobs, is the Recovery Act. That's right: the Recovery Act, also known as the Stimulus Bill. Economists on the left and the right say this bill has helped saved jobs and avert disaster. But you don't have to take their word for it: Talk to the small business in Phoenix that will triple its workforce because of the Recovery Act. Talk to the window manufacturer in Philadelphia who said he used to be skeptical about the Recovery Act, until he had to add two more work shifts just because of the business it created. Talk to the single teacher raising two kids who was told by her principal in the last week of school that because of the Recovery Act, she wouldn't be laid off after all.

There are stories like this all across America. And after two years of recession, the economy is growing again. Retirement funds have started to gain back some of their value. Businesses are beginning to invest again, and slowly [some] are starting to hire again.

But I realize that for every success story, there are other stories -- of men and women who wake up with the anguish of not knowing where their next paycheck will come from; who send out resumes week after week and hear nothing in response. That is why jobs must be our number one focus in 2010. And that's why I'm calling for a new jobs bill tonight!

Now, the true engine of job creation in this country will always be America's businesses. (I agree. Absolutely). But government can create the conditions necessary for businesses to expand and hire more workers. We should start where most new jobs do -- in small businesses, companies that begin when -- companies that begin when an entrepreneur -- when an entrepreneur takes a chance on a dream, or a worker decides its time she became her own boss.

Through sheer grit and determination, these companies have weathered the recession and they're ready to grow. But when you talk to small business owners in places like Allentown, Pennsylvania or Elyria, Ohio, you find out that even though banks on Wall Street are lending again, they're mostly lending to bigger companies. Financing remains difficult for small business owners across the country -- even those that are making a profit.

So tonight, I'm proposing that we take 30 billion dollars of the money Wall Street banks have repaid and use it to help community banks give small businesses the credit they need to stay afloat. I'm also proposing a new small business tax credit -- one that will go to over one million small businesses who hire new workers or raise wages. While we're at it, let's also eliminate all capital gains taxes on small business investment, and provide a tax incentive for all large businesses and all small businesses to invest in new plants and equipment.

Next, we can put Americans to work today building the infrastructure of tomorrow. From -- From the first railroads to the interstate highway system, our nation has always been built to compete. There's no reason Europe or China should have the fastest trains, or the new factories that manufacture clean energy products.

Tomorrow, I'll visit Tampa, Florida, where workers will soon break ground on a new high-speed railroad funded by the Recovery Act. There are projects like that all across this country that will create jobs and help our move our nation's goods, services, and information. We should put more Americans to work building clean energy facilities, and give -- and give rebates to Americans who make their homes more energy efficient, which supports clean energy jobs. And to encourage these and other businesses to stay within our borders, it is time to finally slash the tax breaks for companies that ship our jobs overseas and give those tax breaks to companies that create jobs right here in the United States of America.

Now, the House has passed a jobs bill that includes some of these steps. As the first order of business this year, I urge the Senate to do the same -- and I know they will. They will. People are out of work. They're hurting. And they need our help. And I want a jobs bill on my desk without delay.

But -- But the truth is, these steps still won't make up for the seven million jobs that we've lost over the last two years. The only way to move to full employment is to lay a new foundation for long-term economic growth, and finally address the problems that America's families have confronted for years.

We can't afford another so-called economic "expansion" like the one from the last decade -- what some call the "lost decade" -- where jobs grew more slowly than during any prior expansion; where the income of the average American household declined while the cost of health care and tuition reached record highs; where prosperity was built on a housing bubble and financial speculation.

From the day I took office, I've been told that addressing our larger challenges is too ambitious. Such an effort would be too contentious. I've been told that our political system is too gridlocked, and that we should just put things on hold for awhile. For those who make these claims, I have one simple question: How long should we wait? How long should America put its future on hold?

You see -- You see, Washington has been telling us to wait for decades, even as the problems have grown worse. Meanwhile, China's not waiting to revamp its economy. Germany's not waiting. India's not waiting. These nations are -- they're not standing still. These nations aren't playing for second place. They're putting more emphasis on math and science. They're rebuilding their infrastructure. They're making serious investments in clean energy because they want those jobs.

Well, I do not accept second-place for the United States of America.

As hard as it may be, as uncomfortable and contentious as the debates may become, it's time to get serious about fixing the problems that are hampering our growth. Now, one place to start is serious financial reform. Look, I am not interested in punishing banks. I'm interested in protecting our economy. A strong, healthy financial market makes it possible for businesses to access credit and create new jobs. It channels the savings of families into investments that raise incomes. But that can only happen if we guard against the same recklessness that nearly brought down our entire economy.

We need to make sure consumers and middle-class families have the information they need to make financial decisions. We can't allow financial institutions, including those that take your deposits, to take risks that threaten the whole economy. Now, the House has already passed financial reform with many of these changes. And -- And the lobbyists are trying to kill it. Well, we cannot let them win this fight. And if the bill that ends up on my desk does not meet the test of real reform, I will send it back until we get it right. We've got to get it right.

Next, we need to encourage American innovation. Last year, we made the largest investment in basic research funding in history, an investment -- an investment that could lead to the world's cheapest solar cells or treatment that kills cancer cells but leaves healthy ones untouched. And no area is more ripe for such innovation than energy. You can see the results of last year's investment in clean energy in the North Carolina company that will create 1200 jobs nationwide helping to make advanced batteries, or, in the California business that will put a thousand people to work making solar panels.

But to create more of these clean energy jobs, we need more production, more efficiency, more incentives. And that means building a new generation of safe, clean nuclear power plants in this country. It means making tough decisions about opening new offshore areas for oil and gas development. It means continued investment in advanced biofuels and clean coal technologies. And yes, it means passing a comprehensive energy and climate bill with incentives that will finally make clean energy the profitable kind of energy in America.

I am grateful to the House for passing such a bill last year. And this year -- this year, I am eager to help advance the bipartisan effort in the Senate. I know there have been questions about whether we can afford such changes in a tough economy. I know that there are those who disagree with the overwhelming scientific evidence on climate change. But -- But -- Here -- Here's the thing: Even if you doubt the evidence, providing incentives for energy efficiency and clean energy are the right thing to do for our future because the nation that leads the clean energy economy will be the nation that leads the global economy. And America must be that nation.

Third, we need to export more of our goods -- because the more products we make and sell to other countries, the more jobs we support right here in America. So -- So tonight, we set a new goal: We will double our exports over the next five years, an increase that will support two million jobs in America. To help meet this goal, we're launching a National Export Initiative that will help farmers and small businesses increase their exports, and reform export controls consistent with national security.

We have to seek new markets aggressively, just as our competitors are. If America sits on the sidelines while other nations sign trade deals, we will lose the chance to create jobs on our shores. But realizing those benefits also means enforcing those agreements so our trading partners play by the rules. And that's why we'll continue to shape a Doha trade agreement that opens global markets, and why we will strengthen our trade relations in Asia and with key partners like South Korea and Panama and Colombia.

Fourth, we need to invest in the skills and education of our people.

Now, this year -- this year we've broken through the stalemate between left and right by launching a national competition to improve our schools. And the idea here is simple: instead of rewarding failure, we only reward success. Instead of funding the status quo, we only invest in reform -- reform that raises student achievement, inspires students to excel in math and science, and turns around failing schools that steal the future of too many young Americans, from rural communities to the inner city. In the 21st century, the best anti-poverty program around is a world-class education. And in this country, the success of our children cannot depend more on where they live than on their potential.

When we renew the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, we will work with Congress to expand these reforms to all 50 states. Still, in this economy, a high school diploma no longer guarantees a good job. That's why I urge the Senate to follow the House and pass a bill that will revitalize our community colleges, which are a career pathway to the children of so many working families.

To make college more affordable, this bill will finally end the unwarranted taxpayer subsidies that go to banks for student loans. Instead, let's take that money and give families a 10,000 dollar tax credit for four years of college and increase Pell Grants. And let's tell another one million students that when they graduate, they will be required to pay only 10 percent of their income on student loans, and all of their debt will be forgiven after 20 years -- and forgiven after 10 years if they choose a career in public service, because in the United States of America, no one should go broke because they chose to go to college.

And by the way, it's time for colleges and universities to get serious about cutting their own costs -- because they, too, have a responsibility to help solve this problem.

Now, the price of college tuition is just one of the burdens facing the middle-class. That's why last year I asked Vice President Biden to chair a task force on Middle-Class Families. That's why we're nearly doubling the child care tax credit, and making it easier to save for retirement by giving access to every worker a retirement account and expanding the tax credit for those who start a nest egg. That's why we're working to lift the value of a family's single largest investment -- their home. The steps we took last year to shore up the housing market have allowed millions of Americans to take out new loans and save an average of 1500 dollars on mortgage payments. This year, we will step up re-financing so that homeowners can move into more affordable mortgages. And -- And it is precisely to relieve the burden on middle-class families that we still need health insurance reform. Yes, we do.

Now, let's clear a few things up. I didn't choose to tackle this issue to get some legislative victory under my belt. And by now it should be fairly obvious that I didn't take on health care because it was good politics. I took on health care because [of] the stories I've heard from Americans with preexisting conditions whose lives depend on getting coverage; patients who've been denied coverage; families -- even those with insurance -- who are just one illness away from financial ruin.

After nearly a century of trying -- Democratic Administrations, Republican Administrations -- we are closer than ever to bringing more security to the lives of so many Americans. The approach we've taken would protect every American from the worst practices of the insurance industry. It would give small businesses and uninsured Americans a chance to choose an affordable health care plan in a competitive market. It would require every insurance plan to cover preventive care. And by the way, I want to acknowledge our First Lady, Michelle Obama, who this year is creating a national movement to tackle the epidemic of childhood obesity and make kids healthier. Thank you. She gets embarrassed.

Our approach would preserve the right of Americans who have insurance to keep their doctor and their plan. It would reduce costs and premiums for millions of families and businesses. And according to the Congressional Budget Office -- the independent organization that both parties have cited as the official scorekeeper for Congress -- our approach would bring down the deficit by as much as one trillion dollars over the next two decades.

Still, this is a complexed issue, and the longer it was debated, the more skeptical people became. I take my share of the blame for not explaining it more clearly to the American people. And I know that with all the lobbying and horse-trading, the process left most Americans wondering, "What's in it for me?" But I also know this problem is not going away. By the time I'm finished speaking tonight, more Americans will have lost their health insurance. Millions will lose it this year. Our deficit will grow. Premiums will go up. Patients will be denied the care they need. Small business owners will continue to drop coverage altogether. I will not walk away from these Americans, and neither should the people in this chamber.

So, as temperatures cool, I want everyone to take another look at the plan we've proposed. There's a reason why many doctors, nurses, and health care experts who know our system best consider this approach a vast improvement over the status quo. But if anyone from either party has a better approach that will bring down premiums, bring down the deficit, cover the uninsured, strengthen Medicare for seniors, and stop insurance company abuses, let me know. Let me know. Let me know. I'm eager to see it.

Here's what I ask Congress, though: Don't walk away from reform. Not now. Not when we are so close. Let us find a way to come together and finish the job for the American people. Let's get it done. Let's get it done.

Now, even as health care reform would reduce our deficit, it's not enough to dig us out of a massive fiscal hole in which we find ourselves. It's a challenge that makes all others that much harder to solve, and one that's been subject to a lot of political posturing. So let me start the discussion of government spending by setting the record straight.

At the beginning of the last decade, the year 2000, America had a budget surplus of over 200 billion dollars. By -- By the time I took office, we had a one-year deficit of over one trillion dollars and projected deficits of eight trillion dollars over the next decade. Most of this was the result of not paying for two wars, two tax cuts, and an expensive prescription drug program. On top of that, the effects of the recession put a three trillion dollar hole in our budget. All this was before I walked in the door.

Now -- Now -- just stating the facts. Now, if we had taken office in ordinary times, I would have liked nothing more than to start bringing down the deficit. But we took office amid a crisis. And our efforts to prevent a second depression have added another one trillion dollars to our national debt. That, too, is a fact.

I'm absolutely convinced that was the right thing to do. But families across the country are tightening their belts and making tough decisions. The federal government should do the same.  So tonight, I'm proposing specific steps to pay for the trillion dollars that it took to rescue the economy last year. Starting in 2011, we are prepared to freeze government spending for three years. Spending related to our national security, Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security will not be affected.  But all other discretionary government programs will. Like any cash-strapped family, we will work within a budget to invest in what we need and sacrifice what we don't. And if I have to enforce this discipline by veto, I will.

We will continue to go through the budget, line by line, page by page, to eliminate programs that we can't afford and don't work. We've already identified 20 billion dollars in savings for next year. To help working families, we'll extend our middle-class tax cuts. But at a time of record deficits, we will not continue tax cuts for oil companies, for investment fund managers, and for those making over 250,000 dollars a year. We just can't afford it.

Now, even after paying for what we spent on my watch, we'll still face the massive deficit we had when I took office. More importantly, the cost of Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security will continue to skyrocket. That's why I've called for a bipartisan fiscal commission, modeled on a proposal by Republican Judd Gregg and Democrat Kent Conrad. This can't be one of those Washington gimmicks that lets us pretend we solved a problem. The commission will have to provide a specific set of solutions by a certain deadline. 

Now, yesterday the Senate blocked a bill that would have created this commission. So I'll issue an executive order that will allow us to go forward, because I refuse to pass this problem on to another generation of Americans. And when the vote comes tomorrow, the Senate should restore the pay-as-you-go law that was a big reason for why we had record surpluses in the 1990s.

Now, I know that some in my own party will argue that we can't address the deficit or freeze government spending when so many are still hurting. And I agree -- which is why this freeze won't take effect until next year -- when the economy is stronger. That's how budgeting works. But understand -- understand if we don't take meaningful steps to rein in our debt, it could damage our markets, increase the cost of borrowing, and jeopardize our recovery -- all of which would have an even worse effect on our job growth and family incomes.

From some on the right, I expect we'll hear a different argument -- that if we just make fewer investments in our people, extend tax cuts including those for the wealthier Americans, eliminate more regulations, maintain the status quo on health care, our deficits will go away. The problem is that's what we did for eight years. That's what helped us into this crisis. It's what helped lead to these deficits. We can't do it again.

Rather than fight the same tired battles that have dominated Washington for decades, it's time to try something new. Let's invest in our people without leaving them a mountain of debt. Let's meet our responsibility to the citizens who sent us here. Let's try common sense -- a novel concept.

Now, to do that we have to recognize that we face more than a deficit of dollars right now. We face a deficit of trust -- deep and corrosive doubts about how Washington works that have been growing for years. To close that credibility gap we have to take action on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue -- to end the outsized influence of lobbyists; to do our work openly; to give our people the government they deserve.

Now, that's what I came to Washington to do. That's why, for the first time in history, my Administration posts on our White House visitors online. That's why we've excluded lobbyists from policymaking jobs, or seats on federal boards and commissions. But we can't stop there. It's time to require lobbyists to disclose each contact they make on behalf of a client with my Administration or with Congress. It's time to put strict limits on the contributions that lobbyists give to candidates for federal office. 

With all due deference to separation of powers, last week the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests -- including foreign corporations -- to spend without limit in our elections. I don't think American elections should be bankrolled by America's most powerful interests -- or worse, by foreign entities. They should be decided by the American people. And I'd urge Democrats and Republicans to pass a bill that helps to correct some of these problems.

I'm also calling on Congress to continue down the path of earmark reform -- Democrats and Republicans, Democrats and Republicans. Look...you've trimmed some of this spending; you've embraced some meaningful change. But restoring the public trust demands more. For example, some members of Congress post some earmark requests online. Tonight, I'm calling on Congress to publish all earmark requests on a single Web site before there's a vote, so that the American people can see how their money is being spent.

Of course, none of these reforms will even happen if we don't also reform how we work with one another. Now, I'm not naïve. I never thought that the mere fact of my election would usher in peace and harmony, and some post-partisan era. I knew that both parties have fed divisions that are deeply entrenched. And on some issues, there are simply philosophical differences that will always cause us to part ways. These disagreements, about the role of government in our lives, about our national priorities and our national security, they've been taking place for over 200 years. They're the very essence of our democracy.

But what frustrates the American people is a Washington where every day is "Election Day." We can't wage a perpetual campaign where the only goal is to see who can get the most embarrassing headlines about the other side -- a belief that if you lose, I win.1 Neither party should delay or obstruct every single bill just because they can. The confirmation of -- I'm speaking to both parties now -- the confirmation of well-qualified public servants shouldn't be held hostage to the pet projects or grudges of a few individual senators.

Washington may think that saying anything about the other side, no matter how false, no matter how malicious, is just part of the game. But it's precisely such politics that has stopped either party from helping the American people. Worse yet -- Worse yet, it's sowing further division among our citizens, further distrust in our government.

So, no, I will not give up on trying to change the tone of our politics. I know it's an election year.  And after last week, it's clear that campaign fever has come even earlier than usual. But we still need to govern.

To Democrats, I would remind you that we still have the largest majority in decades, and the people expect us to solve problems, not run for the hills. And if the Republican leadership is going to insist that -- that 60 votes in the Senate are required to do any business at all in this town -- a supermajority -- then the responsibility to govern is now yours as well. Just saying no to everything may be good short-term politics, but it's not leadership. We were sent here to serve our citizens, not our ambitions. So let's show the American people that we can do it together.

This week -- This week, I'll be meet -- addressing a meeting of the House Republicans. I'd like to begin monthly meetings with both Democratic and Republican leadership. I know you can't wait.

Now, throughout our history, no issue has united this country more than our security. Sadly, some of the unity we felt after 9/11 has dissipated. Now, we can argue all we want about who's to blame for this, but I'm not interested in re-litigating the past. I know that all of us love this country. All of us are committed to its defense. So let's put aside the schoolyard taunts about who is tough. Let's reject the false choice between protecting our people and upholding our values. Let's leave behind the fear and division, and do what it takes to defend our nation and forge a more hopeful future -- for America and for the world.

That's the work we began last year. Since the day I took office, we've renewed our focus on the terrorists who threaten our nation. We've made substantial investments in our homeland security and disrupted plots that threatened to take American lives. We are filling unacceptable gaps revealed by the failed Christmas attack, with better airline security and swifter action on our intelligence. We've prohibited torture and strengthened partnerships from the Pacific to South Asia to the Arabian Peninsula. And in the last year, hundreds of al Qaeda's fighters and affiliates, including many senior leaders, have been captured or killed -- far more than in 2008.

And in Afghanistan, we're increasing our troops and training Afghan security forces so they can begin to take the lead in July of 2011, and our troops can begin to come home. We will reward good governance, work to reduce corruption, and support the rights of all Afghans -- men and women alike. We're joined by allies and partners who have increased their own commitments, and who will come together tomorrow in London to reaffirm our common purpose. There will be difficult days ahead. But I am absolutely confident we will succeed.

As we take the fight to al Qaeda, we are responsibly leaving Iraq to its people. As a candidate, I promised that I would end this war, and that is what I am doing as President. We will have all of our combat troops out of Iraq by the end of this August. We will support -- We will support the Iraqi government -- We will support the Iraqi government as they hold elections, and we will continue to partner with the Iraqi people to promote regional peace and prosperity. But make no mistake: This war is ending, and all of our troops are coming home.

Tonight, all of our men and women in uniform -- in Iraq, in Afghanistan, and around the world -- they have to know that we -- that...they have our respect, our gratitude, our full support. And just as they must have the resources they need in war, we all have a responsibility to support them when they come home. That's why we made the largest increase in investments for veterans in decades last year. That's why we're building a 21st century VA. And that's why Michelle has joined with Jill Biden to forge a national commitment to support military families.

Now, even as we prosecute two wars, we're also confronting perhaps the greatest danger to the American people -- the threat of nuclear weapons. I've embraced the vision of John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan through a strategy that reverses the spread of these weapons and seeks a world without them. To reduce our stockpiles and launchers, while ensuring our deterrent, the United States and Russia are completing negotiations on the farthest-reachings arms control treaty in nearly two decades. And at April's Nuclear Security Summit, we will bring 44 nations together here in Washington, D.C. behind a clear goal: securing all vulnerable nuclear materials around the world in four years, so that they never fall into the hands of terrorists.

Now, these diplomatic efforts have also strengthened our hand in dealing with those nations that insist on violating international agreements in pursuit of nuclear weapons. That's why North Korea now faces increased isolation and stronger sanctions -- sanctions that are being vigorously enforced. That's why the international community is more united and the Islamic Republic of Iran is more isolated. And as Iran's leaders continue to ignore their obligations, there should be no doubt: They, too, will face growing consequences. That is a promise.

That's the leadership that we are providing -- engagement that advances the common security and prosperity of all people. We're working through the G20 to sustain a lasting global recovery.  We're working with Muslim communities around the world to promote science and education and innovation. We have gone from a bystander to a leader in the fight against climate change. We're helping developing countries to feed themselves, and continuing the fight against HIV/AIDS. And we are launching a new initiative that will give us the capacity to respond faster and more effectively to bioterrorism or an infectious disease -- a plan that will counter threats at home and strengthen public health abroad.

As we have for over 60 years, America takes these actions because our destiny is connected to those beyond our shores. But we also do it because it is right. That's why, as we meet here tonight, over 10,000 Americans are working with many nations to help the people of Haiti recover and rebuild. That's why we stand with the girl who yearns to go to school in Afghanistan; why we support the human rights of the women marching through the streets of Iran; why we advocate for the young man denied a job by corruption in Guinea. For America must always stand on the side of freedom and human dignity. Always.

Abroad, America's greatest source of strength has always been our ideals. The same is true at home. We find unity in our incredible diversity, drawing on the promise enshrined in our Constitution: the notion that we're all created equal; that no matter who you are or what you look like, if you abide by the law you should be protected by it; if you adhere to our common values you should be treated no different than anyone else.

We must continually renew this promise. My Administration has a Civil Rights Division that is once again prosecuting civil rights violations and employment discrimination. We finally strengthened -- We finally strengthened our laws to protect against crimes driven by hate. This year -- This year, I will work with Congress and our military to finally repeal the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are. It's the right thing to do.

We're going to crack down on violations of equal pay laws so that women get equal pay for an equal day's work. And we should continue the work of fixing our broken immigration system -- to secure our borders and enforce our laws, and ensure that everyone who plays by the rules can contribute to our economy and enrich our nations.

In the end, it's our ideals, our values that built America -- values that allowed us to forge a nation made up of immigrants from every corner of the globe; values that drive our citizens still. Every day, Americans meet their responsibilities to their families and their employers. Time and again, they lend a hand to their neighbors and give back to their country. They take pride in their labor, and are generous in spirit. These aren't Republican values or Democratic values that they're living by; business values or labor values. They're American values.

Unfortunately, too many of our citizens have lost faith that our biggest institutions -- our corporations, our media, and, yes, our government -- still reflect these same values. Each of these institutions are full of honorable men and women doing important work that helps our country prosper. But each time a CEO rewards himself for failure, or a banker puts the rest of us at risk for his own selfish gain, people's doubts grow. Each time lobbyists game the system or politicians tear each other down instead of lifting this country up, we lose faith. The more that TV pundits reduce serious debates to silly arguments, big issues into sound bites, our citizens turn away.

No wonder there's so much cynicism out there. No wonder there's so much disappointment.

I campaigned on the promise of change -- "Change we can believe in" -- the slogan went. And right now, I know there are many Americans who aren't sure if they still believe we can change -- or that I can deliver it. But remember this -- I never suggested that change would be easy, or that I could do it alone. Democracy in a nation of 300 million people can be noisy and messy and complicated. And when you try to do big things and make big changes, it stirs passions and controversy. That's just how it is.

Those of us in public office can respond to this reality by playing it safe and avoid telling hard truths and pointing fingers. We can do what's necessary to keep our poll numbers high, and get through the next election instead of doing what's best for the next generation.

But I also know this: If people had made that decision 50 years ago, or 100 years ago, or 200 years ago, we wouldn't be here tonight. The only reason we are here is because generations of Americans were unafraid to do what was hard; to do what was needed even when success was uncertain; to do what it took to keep the dream of this nation alive for their children and their grandchildren.

Our Administration has had some political setbacks this year, and some of them were deserved. But I wake up every day knowing that they are nothing compared to the setbacks that families all across this country have faced this year. And what keeps me going, what keeps me fighting, is that despite all these setbacks, that spirit of determination and optimism, that fundamental decency that has always been at the core of the American people -- that lives on.

It lives on in the struggling small business owner who wrote to me of his company: "None of us," he said, "…are willing to consider, even slightly, that we might fail."

It lives on in the woman who said that even though she and her neighbors have felt the pain of recession, "We are strong. We are resilient. We are American."

It lives on in the 8-year-old boy in Louisiana, who just sent me his allowance and asked if I would give it to the people of Haiti.

And it lives on in all the Americans who've dropped everything to go someplace they've never been and pull people they've never known from the rubble, prompting chants of "U.S.A.! U.S.A.! U.S.A!" when another life was saved.

The spirit that has sustained this nation for more than two centuries lives on in you, its people. 

We have finished a difficult year. We have come through a difficult decade. But a new year has come. A new decade stretches before us. We don't quit. I don't quit. Let's seize this moment -- to start anew, to carry the dream forward, and to strengthen our union once more.

Thank you. God bless you. And God bless the United States of America.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Please be seated.

Thank you so much. Heads of state, Cabinet members, my outstanding Vice President, members of Congress, religious leaders, distinguished guests, Admiral Mullen -- it's good to see all of you. Let me begin by acknowledging the co-chairs of this breakfast, Senators Isakson and Klobuchar, who embody the sense of fellowship at the heart of this gathering. They're two of my favorite senators. Let me also acknowledge the director of my faith-based office, Joshua DuBois, who is here. Where's Joshua? He's out there somewhere. He's doing great work.

I want to commend Secretary Hillary Clinton on her outstanding remarks, and her outstanding leadership at the State Department. She's doing good every day. I'm especially pleased to see my dear friend, Prime Minister Zapatero, and I want him to relay America's greetings to the people of Spain. And Johnny, you are right, I'm deeply blessed, and I thank God every day for being married to Michelle Obama.

I'm privileged to join you once again, as my predecessors have for over half a century. Like them, I come here to speak about the ways my faith informs who I am -- as a President, and as a person. But I'm also here for the same reason that all of you are, for we all share a recognition -- one as old as time -- that a willingness to believe, an openness to grace, a commitment to prayer can bring sustenance to our lives.

There is, of course, a need for prayer even in times of joy and peace and prosperity. Perhaps especially in such times prayer is needed -- to guard against pride and to guard against complacency. But rightly or wrongly, most of us are inclined to seek out the divine not in the moment when the Lord makes His face shine upon us, but in moments when God's grace can seem farthest away.

Last month, God's grace, God's mercy, seemed far away from our neighbors in Haiti. And yet I believe that grace was not absent in the midst of tragedy. It was heard in prayers and hymns that broke the silence of an earthquake's wake. It was witnessed among parishioners of churches that stood no more, a roadside congregation, holding bibles in their laps. It was felt in the presence of relief workers and medics; translators; servicemen and women, bringing water and food and aid to the injured.

One such translator was an American of Haitian descent, representative of the extraordinary work that our men and women in uniform do all around the world -- Navy Corpsman Christian [sic] Brossard. And lying on a gurney aboard the USNS Comfort, a woman asked Christopher:  "Where do you come from?  What country?  After my operation," she said, "I will pray for that country." And in Creole, Corpsman Brossard responded, "Etazini." The United States of America.

God's grace, and the compassion and decency of the American people is expressed through the men and women like Corpsman Brossard. It's expressed through the efforts of our Armed Forces, through the efforts of our entire government, through similar efforts from Spain and other countries around the world. It's also, as Secretary Clinton said, expressed through multiple faith-based efforts. By evangelicals at World Relief. By the American Jewish World Service. By Hindu temples, and mainline Protestants, Catholic Relief Services, African American churches, the United Sikhs. By Americans of every faith, and no faith, uniting around a common purpose, a higher purpose.

It's inspiring. This is what we do, as Americans, in times of trouble. We unite, recognizing that such crises call on all of us to act, recognizing that there but for the grace of God go I, recognizing that life's most sacred responsibility -- one affirmed, as Hillary said, by all of the world's great religions -- is to sacrifice something of ourselves for a person in need.

Sadly, though, that spirit is too often absent when tackling the long-term, but no less profound issues facing our country and the world. Too often, that spirit is missing without the spectacular tragedy, the 9/11 or the Katrina, the earthquake or the tsunami, that can shake us out of complacency. We become numb to the day-to-day crises, the slow-moving tragedies of children without food and men without shelter and families without health care. We become absorbed with our abstract arguments, our ideological disputes, our contests for power. And in this Tower of Babel, we lose the sound of God's voice.

Now, for those of us here in Washington, let's acknowledge that democracy has always been messy. Let's not be overly nostalgic. Divisions are hardly new in this country. Arguments about the proper role of government, the relationship between liberty and equality, our obligations to our fellow citizens -- these things have been with us since our founding. And I'm profoundly mindful that a loyal opposition, a vigorous back and forth, a skepticism of power, all of that is what makes our democracy work.

And we've seen actually some improvement in some circumstances. We haven't seen any canings on the floor of the Senate any time recently. So we shouldn't over-romanticize the past.  But there is a sense that something is different now; that something is broken; that those of us in Washington are not serving the people as well as we should. At times, it seems like we're unable to listen to one another; to have at once a serious and civil debate. And this erosion of civility in the public square sows division and distrust among our citizens. It poisons the well of public opinion. It leaves each side little room to negotiate with the other. It makes politics an all-or-nothing sport, where one side is either always right or always wrong when, in reality, neither side has a monopoly on truth. And then we lose sight of the children without food and the men without shelter and the families without health care.

Empowered by faith, consistently, prayerfully, we need to find our way back to civility. That begins with stepping out of our comfort zones in an effort to bridge divisions. We see that in many conservative pastors who are helping lead the way to fix our broken immigration system.  It's not what would be expected from them, and yet they recognize, in those immigrant families, the face of God. We see that in the evangelical leaders who are rallying their congregations to protect our planet. We see it in the increasing recognition among progressives that government can't solve all of our problems, and that talking about values like responsible fatherhood and healthy marriage are integral to any anti-poverty agenda. Stretching out of our dogmas, our prescribed roles along the political spectrum, that can help us regain a sense of civility.

Civility also requires relearning how to disagree without being disagreeable; understanding, as President [Kennedy] said, that "civility is not a sign of weakness." Now, I am the first to confess I am not always right. Michelle will testify to that. But surely you can question my policies without questioning my faith, or, for that matter, my citizenship.

Challenging each other's ideas can renew our democracy. But when we challenge each other's motives, it becomes harder to see what we hold in common. We forget that we share at some deep level the same dreams -- even when we don't share the same plans on how to fulfill them.

We may disagree about the best way to reform our health care system, but surely we can agree that no one ought to go broke when they get sick in the richest nation on Earth. We can take different approaches to ending inequality, but surely we can agree on the need to lift our children out of ignorance; to lift our neighbors from poverty. We may disagree about gay marriage, but surely we can agree that it is unconscionable to target gays and lesbians for who they are -- whether it's here in the United States or, as Hillary mentioned, more extremely in odious laws that are being proposed most recently in Uganda.

Surely we can agree to find common ground when possible, parting ways when necessary. But in doing so, let us be guided by our faith, and by prayer.  For while prayer can buck us up when we are down, keep us calm in a storm; while prayer can stiffen our spines to surmount an obstacle -- and I assure you I'm praying a lot these days -- prayer can also do something else.  It can touch our hearts with humility. It can fill us with a spirit of brotherhood. It can remind us that each of us are children of a awesome and loving God.

Through faith, but not through faith alone, we can unite people to serve the common good. And that's why my Office of Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships has been working so hard since I announced it here last year. We've slashed red tape and built effective partnerships on a range of uses, from promoting fatherhood here at home to spearheading interfaith cooperation abroad. And through that office we've turned the faith-based initiative around to find common ground among people of all beliefs, allowing them to make an impact in a way that's civil and respectful of difference and focused on what matters most.

It is this spirit of civility that we are called to take up when we leave here today. That's what I'm praying for.  I know in difficult times like these -- when people are frustrated, when pundits start shouting and politicians start calling each other names -- it can seem like a return to civility is not possible, like the very idea is a relic of some bygone era. The word itself seems quaint -- civility.

But let us remember those who came before; those who believed in the brotherhood of man even when such a faith was tested. Remember Dr. Martin Luther King. Not long after an explosion ripped through his front porch, his wife and infant daughter inside, he rose to that pulpit in Montgomery and said, "Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend."

In the eyes of those who denied his humanity, he saw the face of God.

Remember Abraham Lincoln. On the eve of the Civil War, with states seceding and forces gathering, with a nation divided half slave and half free, he rose to deliver his first Inaugural and said, "We are not enemies, but friends…Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection."

Even in the eyes of confederate soldiers, he saw the face of God.

Remember William Wilberforce, whose Christian faith led him to seek slavery's abolition in Britain; he was vilified, derided, attacked; but he called for "lessening prejudices [and] conciliating good-will, and thereby making way for the less obstructed progress of truth."

In the eyes of those who sought to silence a nation's conscience, he saw the face of God.

Yes, there are crimes of conscience that call us to action. Yes, there are causes that move our hearts and offenses that stir our souls. But progress doesn't come when we demonize opponents.  It's not born in righteous spite. Progress comes when we open our hearts, when we extend our hands, when we recognize our common humanity. Progress comes when we look into the eyes of another and see the face of God. That we might do so -- that we will do so all the time, not just some of the time -- is my fervent prayer for our nation and the world.

Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.

Thank you so much, all of you, for joining us today.  And I want to thank Julie, Barbara, Roland, Stephen, Renee, and Christopher, standing behind me -- physicians, physicians assistants, and nurses who understand how important it is for us to make much needed changes in our health care system.

I want to thank all of you who are here today.  I want to specially recognize two people who have been working tirelessly on that -- on this effort, my Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kathleen Sebelius -- as well as our quarterback for health reform out of the White House, Nancy-Ann DeParle.

We began our push to reform health insurance last March, in this room, with doctors and nurses who know the system best.  And so it’s fitting to be joined by all of you as we bring this journey to a close.    

Last Thursday, I spent seven hours at a summit where Democrats and Republicans engaged in a public and very substantive discussion about health care.  This meeting capped off a debate that began with a similar summit nearly one year ago.  And since then, every idea has been put on the table.  Every argument has been made.  Everything there is to say about health care has been said -- and just about everybody has said it.  So now is the time to make a decision about how to finally reform health care so that it works, not just for the insurance companies, but for America’s families and America’s businesses.

Now, where both sides say they agree is that the status quo is not working for the American people.  Health insurance is becoming more expensive by the day.  Families can’t afford it.  Businesses can’t afford it.  The federal government can’t afford it.  Smaller businesses and individuals who don’t get coverage at work are squeezed especially hard.  And insurance companies freely ration health care based on who’s sick and who’s healthy; who can pay and who can’t.  That's the status quo.  That's the system we have right now.

Democrats and Republicans agree that this is a serious problem for America.  And we agree that if we do nothing -- if we throw up our hands and walk away -- it’s a problem that will only grow worse.  Nobody disputes that.  More Americans will lose their family's health insurance if they switch jobs or lose their job.  More small businesses will be forced to choose between health care and hiring.  More insurance companies will deny people coverage who have preexisting conditions, or they'll drop people's coverage when they get sick and need it most.  And the rising cost of Medicare and Medicaid will sink our government deeper and deeper and deeper into debt.  On all of this we agree. So the question is, what do we do about it? 

On one end of the spectrum, there are some who've suggested scrapping our system of private insurance and replacing it with a government-run health care system.  And though many other countries have such a system, in America it would be neither practical nor realistic.

On the other end of the spectrum, there are those, and this includes most Republicans in Congress, who believe the answer is to loosen regulations on the insurance industry -- whether it's state consumer protections or minimum standards for the kind of insurance they can sell.  The argument is, is that that will somehow lower costs.  I disagree with that approach.  I'm concerned that this would only give the insurance industry even freer rein to raise premiums and deny care.

So I don't believe we should give government bureaucrats or insurance company bureaucrats more control over health care in America.  I believe it's time to give the American people more control over their health care and their health insurance.  I don't believe we can afford to leave life-and-death decisions about health care to the discretion of insurance company executives alone.  I believe that doctors and nurses and physician assistants like the ones in this room should be free to decide what's best for their patients.

Now, the proposal I put forward gives Americans more control over their health insurance and their health care by holding insurance companies more accountable.  It builds on the current system where most Americans get their health insurance from their employer.  If you like your plan, you can keep your plan.  If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.  I can tell you as the father of two young girls, I would not want any plan that interferes with the relationship between a family and their doctor. 

Essentially, my proposal would change three things about the current health care system.  First, it would end the worst practices of insurance companies.  No longer would they be able to deny your coverage because of a preexisting condition.  No longer would they be able to drop your coverage because you got sick.  No longer would they be able to force you to pay unlimited amounts of money out of your own pocket.  No longer would they be able to arbitrarily and massively raise premiums like Anthem Blue Cross recently tried to do in California -- up to 39 percent increases in one year in the individual market.  Those practices would end. 

Second, my proposal would give uninsured individuals and small business owners the same kind of choice of private health insurance that members of Congress get for themselves -- because if it’s good enough for members of Congress, it’s good enough for the people who pay their salaries.

The reason federal employees get a good deal on health insurance is that we all participate in an insurance market where insurance companies give better coverage and better rates, because they get more customers.  It's an idea that many Republicans have embraced in the past, before politics intruded. 

And my proposal says that if you still can’t afford the insurance in this new marketplace, even though it's going to provide better deals for people than they can get right now in the individual marketplace, then we'll offer you tax credits to do so -- tax credits that add up to the largest middle-class tax cut for health care in history.  After all, the wealthiest among us can already buy the best insurance there is, and the least well off are able to get coverage through Medicaid.  So it's the middle class that gets squeezed, and that’s who we have to help.

Now, it is absolutely true that all of this will cost some money -- about $100 billion per year.  But most of this comes from the nearly $2 trillion a year that America already spends on health care -- but a lot of it is not spent wisely.  A lot of that money is being wasted or spent badly.  So within this plan, we’re going to make sure the dollars we spend go towards making insurance more affordable and more secure.  We’re going to eliminate wasteful taxpayer subsidies that currently go to insurance and pharmaceutical companies; set a new fee on insurance companies that stand to gain a lot of money and a lot of profits as millions of Americans are able to buy insurance; and we're going to make sure that the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share on Medicare. 

The bottom line is our proposal is paid for.  And all the new money generated in this plan goes back to small businesses and middle-class families who can't afford health insurance.  It would also lower prescription drug prices for seniors.  And it would help train new doctors and nurses and physician assistants to provide care for American families.

Finally, my proposal would bring down the cost of health care for millions -- families, businesses, and the federal government.  We have now incorporated most of the serious ideas from across the political spectrum about how to contain the rising cost of health care -- ideas that go after the waste and abuse in our system, especially in programs like Medicare.  But we do this while protecting Medicare benefits, and extending the financial stability of the program by nearly a decade.    

Our cost-cutting measures mirror most of the proposals in the current Senate bill, which reduces most people's premiums and brings down our deficit by up to a trillion dollars over the next two decades -- brings down our deficit.  Those aren't my numbers; those are the savings determined by the Congressional Budget Office, which is the Washington acronym for the nonpartisan, independent referee of Congress in terms of how much stuff costs.

So that's our proposal.  This is where we've ended up.  It's an approach that has been debated and changed and I believe improved over the last year.  It incorporates the best ideas from Democrats and Republicans -- including some of the ideas that Republicans offered during the health care summit, like funding state grants on medical malpractice reform, and curbing waste and fraud and abuse in the health care system.  My proposal also gets rid of many of the provisions that had no place in health care reform -- provisions that were more about winning individual votes in Congress than improving health care for all Americans. 

Now, despite all that we agree on and all the Republican ideas we've incorporated, many -- probably most -- Republicans in Congress just have a fundamental disagreement over whether we should have more or less oversight of insurance companies.  And if they truly believe that less regulation would lead to higher quality, more affordable health insurance, then they should vote against the proposal I've put forward.

Now, some also believe that we should, instead of doing what I'm proposing, pursue a piecemeal approach to health insurance reform, where we tinker around the edges of this challenge for the next few years.  Even those who acknowledge the problem of the uninsured say we just can't afford to help them right now -- which is why the Republican proposal only covers 3 million uninsured Americans while we cover over 31 million. 

The problem with that approach is that unless everyone has access to affordable coverage, you can't prevent insurance companies from denying coverage based on preexisting conditions; you can't limit the amount families are forced to pay out of their own pockets.  The insurance reforms rest on everybody having access to coverage.  And you also don't do anything about the fact that taxpayers currently end up subsidizing the uninsured when they're forced to go to the emergency room for care, to the tune of about a thousand bucks per family.  You can't get those savings if those people are still going to the emergency room.  So the fact is, health reform only works if you take care of all of these problems at once. 

Now, both during and after last week's summit, Republicans in Congress insisted that the only acceptable course on health care reform is to start over.  But given these honest and substantial differences between the parties about the need to regulate the insurance industry and the need to help millions of middle-class families get insurance, I don't see how another year of negotiations would help. 

Moreover, the insurance companies aren't starting over.  They're continuing to raise premiums and deny coverage as we speak.  For us to start over now could simply lead to delay that could last for another decade, or even more.  The American people, and the U.S. economy, just can't wait that long.  So, no matter which approach you favor, I believe the United States Congress owes the American people a final vote on health care reform.

We have debated this issue thoroughly, not just for the past year but for decades.  Reform has already passed the House with a majority.  It has already passed the Senate with a supermajority of 60 votes.  And now it deserves the same kind of up or down vote that was cast on welfare reform, that was cast on the Children's Health Insurance Program, that was used for COBRA health coverage for the unemployed, and, by the way, for both Bush tax cuts -- all of which had to pass Congress with nothing more than a simple majority.   

I, therefore, ask leaders in both houses of Congress to finish their work and schedule a vote in the next few weeks.  From now until then, I will do everything in my power to make the case for reform.  And I urge every American who wants this reform to make their voice heard as well -- every family, every business, every patient, every doctor, every nurse, every physician’s assistant.  Make your voice heard. 

This has been a long and wrenching debate.  It has stoked great passions among the American people and their representatives.  And that's because health care is a difficult issue.  It is a complicated issue.  If it was easy, it would have been solved long ago.  As all of you know from experience, health care can literally be an issue of life or death.  And as a result, it easily lends itself to demagoguery and political gamesmanship, and misrepresentation and misunderstanding. 

But that’s not an excuse for those of us who were sent here to lead.  That's not an excuse for us to walk away.  We can’t just give up because the politics are hard.  I know there’s been a fascination, bordering on obsession, in this media town about what passing health insurance reform would mean for the next election and the one after that.  How will this play?  What will happen with the polls?  I will leave it to others to sift through the politics, because that’s not what this is about.  That’s not why we’re here. 

This is about what reform would mean for the mother with breast cancer whose insurance company will finally have to pay for her chemotherapy.  This is about what reform would mean for the small business owner who will no longer have to choose between hiring more workers or offering coverage to the employees she has.  This is about what reform would mean for middle-class families who will be able to afford health insurance for the very first time in their lives and get a regular checkup once in a while, and have some security about their children if they get sick. 

This is about what reform would mean for all those men and women I’ve met over the last few years who’ve been brave enough to share their stories.  When we started our push for reform last year, I talked to a young mother in Wisconsin named Laura Klitzka.  She has two young children.  She thought she had beaten her breast cancer but then later discovered it had spread to her bones.  She and her husband were working and had insurance, but their medical bills still landed them in debt.  And now she spends time worrying about that debt when all she wants to do is spend time with her children and focus on getting well. 

This should not happen in the United States of America.  And it doesn’t have to. 

In the end, that's what this debate is about.  It's about what kind of country we want to be.  It's about the millions of lives that would be touched and, in some cases, saved by making private health insurance more secure and more affordable. 

So at stake right now is not just our ability to solve this problem, but our ability to solve any problem.  The American people want to know if it's still possible for Washington to look out for their interests and their future.  They are waiting for us to act.  They are waiting for us to lead.  And as long as I hold this office, I intend to provide that leadership.  I do not know how this plays politically, but I know it's right.  And so I ask Congress to finish its work, and I look forward to signing this reform into law. 

Thank you very much, everybody. Let's get it done.

Lost in the news of the week was a headline that ought to be a source of concern for every American.  It said, “Many Nations Passing U.S. in Education.”   Now, debates in Washington tend to be consumed with the politics of the moment: who’s up in the daily polls; whose party stands to gain in November.  But what matters to you -- what matters to our country -- is not what happens in the next election, but what we do to lift up the next generation.  And the fact is, there are few issues that speak more directly to our long term success as a nation than issues concerning the education we provide to our children. 

Our prosperity in the 20th century was fueled by an education system that helped grow the middle class and unleash the talents of our people more fully and widely than at any time in our history.  We built schools and focused on the teaching of math and science.  We helped a generation of veterans go to college through the GI Bill.  We led the globe in producing college graduates, and in turn we led in producing ground-breaking technologies and scientific discoveries that lifted living standards and set us apart as the world’s engine of innovation. 

Of course, other nations recognize this, and are looking to gain an edge in the global marketplace by investing in better schools, supporting teachers, and committing to clear standards that will produce graduates with more skills.  Our competitors understand that the nation that out-educates us today will out-compete us tomorrow.  Yet, too often we have failed to make inroads in reforming and strengthening our public education system -- the debate mired in worn arguments hurled across entrenched divides. 

As a result, over the last few decades, we’ve lost ground.  One assessment shows American fifteen year olds no longer even near the top in math and science when compared to their peers around the world.  As referenced in the news report I mentioned, we’ve now fallen behind most wealthy countries in our high school graduation rates.  And while we once led the world in the proportion of college graduates we produced, today we no longer do. 

Not only does that risk our leadership as a nation, it consigns millions of Americans to a lesser future.  For we know that the level of education a person attains is increasingly a prerequisite for success and a predictor of the income that person will earn throughout his or her life.  Beyond the economic statistics is a less tangible but no less painful reality: unless we take action -- unless we step up -- there are countless children who will never realize their full talent and potential. 

I don’t accept that future for them.  And I don’t accept that future for the United States of America.  That’s why we’re engaged in a historic effort to redeem and improve  our public  schools: to raise the expectations for our students and for ourselves, to recognize and reward excellence, to improve performance in troubled schools, and to give our kids and our country the best chance to succeed in a changing world.

Under the leadership of an outstanding Education Secretary, Arne Duncan, we launched a Race to the Top, through which states compete for funding by committing to reform and raising standards, by rewarding good teaching, by supporting the development of better assessments to measure results, and by emphasizing math and science to help prepare children for college and careers. 

And on Monday, my administration will send to Congress our blueprint for an updated Elementary and Secondary Education Act to overhaul No Child Left Behind.  What this plan recognizes is that while the federal government can play a leading role in encouraging the reforms and high standards we need, the impetus for that change will come from states, and from local schools and school districts.  So, yes, we set a high bar -- but we also provide educators the flexibility to reach it. 

Under these guidelines, schools that achieve excellence or show real progress will be rewarded, and local districts will be encouraged to commit to change in schools that are clearly letting their students down.  For the majority of schools that fall in between -- schools that do well but could do better -- we will encourage continuous improvement to help keep our young people on track for a bright future: prepared for the jobs of the 21st century. And because the most important factor in a child’s success is the person standing at the front of the classroom, we will better prepare teachers, support teachers, and encourage teachers to stay in the field.  In short, we’ll treat the people who educate our sons and daughters like the professionals they are.

Through this plan we are setting an ambitious goal: All students should graduate from high school prepared for college and a career -- no matter who you are or where you come from.  Achieving this goal will be difficult. It will take time.  And it will require the skills, talents, and dedication of many: principals, teachers, parents, students.  But this effort is essential for our children and for our country.  And while there will always be those cynics who claim it can’t be done, at our best, we know that America has always risen to the challenges that we’ve faced.  This challenge is no different. 

As a nation, we are engaged in many important endeavors: improving the economy, reforming the health care system, encouraging innovation in energy and other growth industries of the 21st century.  But our success in these efforts -- and our success in the future as a people -- will ultimately depend on what happens long before an entrepreneur opens his doors, or a nurse walks the rounds, or a scientist steps into her laboratory.  Our future is determined each and every day, when our children enter the classroom, ready to learn and brimming with promise. 

It’s that promise we must help them fulfill. 

Thank you.

Thank you!  Everybody, please have a set.

To Leader Reid, to Steny Hoyer, John Larson, Xavier Becerra, Jim Clyburn, Chris Van Hollen, to an extraordinary leader and extraordinary Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi, and to all the members here today, thank you very much for having me.  Thanks for having me and thanks for your tireless efforts waged on behalf of health insurance reform in this country. 

I have the great pleasure of having a really nice library at the White House.  And I was tooling through some of the writings of some previous Presidents and I came upon this quote by Abraham Lincoln:  “I am not bound to win, but I’m bound to be true.  I’m not bound to succeed, but I’m bound to live up to what light I have.”

This debate has been a difficult debate.  This process has been a difficult process.  And this year has been a difficult year for the American people.  When I was sworn in, we were in the midst of the worst recession since the Great Depression.  Eight hundred thousand people per month were losing their jobs.  Millions of people were losing their health insurance.  And the financial system was on the verge of collapse.

And this body has taken on some of the toughest votes and some of the toughest decisions in the history of Congress.  Not because you were bound to win, but because you were bound to be true.  Because each and every one of you made a decision that at a moment of such urgency, it was less important to measure what the polls said than to measure what was right.

A year later, we’re in different circumstances.  Because of the actions that you’ve taken, the financial system has stabilized.  The stock market has stabilized.  Businesses are starting to invest again.  The economy, instead of contracting, is now growing again.  There are signs that people are going to start hiring again.  There’s still tremendous hardship all across the country, but there is a sense that we are making progress -- because of you.

But even before this crisis, each and every one of us knew that there were millions of people across America who were living their own quiet crises.  Maybe because they had a child who had a preexisting condition and no matter how desperate they were, no matter what insurance company they called, they couldn’t get coverage for that child.  Maybe it was somebody who had been forced into early retirement, in their 50s not yet eligible for Medicare, and they couldn’t find a job and they couldn’t find health insurance, despite the fact that they had some sort of chronic condition that had to be tended to.

Every single one of you at some point before you arrived in Congress and after you arrived in Congress have met constituents with heart-breaking stories.  And you’ve looked them in the eye and you’ve said, we’re going to do something about it -- that’s why I want to go to Congress. 

And now, we’re on the threshold of doing something about it.  We’re a day away.  After a year of debate, after every argument has been made, by just about everybody, we’re 24 hours away. 

As some of you know, I’m not somebody who spends a lot of time surfing the cable channels, but I’m not completely in the bubble.  I have a sense of what the coverage has been, and mostly it’s an obsession with “What will this mean for the Democratic Party?  What will this mean for the President’s polls?  How will this play out in November?  Is this good or is this bad for the Democratic majority?  What does it mean for those swing districts?” 

And I noticed that there’s been a lot of friendly advice offered all across town.  Mitch McConnell, John Boehner, Karl Rove -- they’re all warning you of the horrendous impact if you support this legislation.  Now, it could be that they are suddenly having a change of heart and they are deeply concerned about their Democratic friends. They are giving you the best possible advice in order to assure that Nancy Pelosi remains Speaker and Harry Reid remains Leader and that all of you keep your seats.  That’s a possibility. 

But it may also be possible that they realize after health reform passes and I sign that legislation into law, that it’s going to be a little harder to mischaracterize what this effort has been all about. 

Because this year, small businesses will start getting tax credits so that they can offer health insurance to employees who currently don’t have it. Because this year, those same parents who are worried about getting coverage for their children with preexisting conditions now are assured that insurance companies have to give them coverage -- this year. 

Because this year, insurance companies won’t suddenly be able to drop your coverage when you get sick -- or impose lifetime limits or restrictive limits on the coverage that you have.  Maybe they know that this year, for the first time, young people will be able to stay on their parents’ health insurance until they’re 26 years old and they’re thinking that just might be popular all across the country.

And what they also know is what won’t happen.  They know that after this legislation passes and after I sign this bill, lo and behold nobody is pulling the plug on Granny. It turns out that in fact people who like their health insurance are going to be able to keep their health insurance; that there’s no government takeover.  People will discover that if they like their doctor, they’ll be keeping their doctor.  In fact, they’re more likely to keep their doctor because of a stronger system.

It’ll turn out that this piece of historic legislation is built on the private insurance system that we have now and runs straight down the center of American political thought.  It turns out this is a bill that tracks the recommendations not just of Democrat Tom Daschle, but also Republicans Bob Dole and Howard Baker; that this is a middle-of-the-road bill that is designed to help the American people in an area of their lives where they urgently need help.

Now, there are some who wanted a single-payer government-run system.  That’s not this bill.  The Republicans wanted what I called the “foxes guard the henhouse approach” in which we further deregulate the insurance companies and let them run wild, the notion being somehow that that was going to lower costs for the American people.  I don’t know a serious health care economist who buys that idea, but that was their concept.  And we rejected that, because what we said was we want to create a system in which health care is working not for insurance companies but it’s working for the American people, it’s working for middle class families.

So what did we do?  What is the essence of this legislation?  Number one, this is the toughest insurance reforms in history. We are making sure that the system of private insurance works for ordinary families.  A prescription -- this is a patient’s bill of rights on steroids.  So many of you individually have worked on these insurance reforms -- they are in this package -- to make sure that families are getting a fair deal; that if they’re paying a premium, that they’re getting a good service in return; making sure that employers, if they are paying premiums for their employees, that their employees are getting the coverage that they expect; that insurance companies are not going to game the system with fine print and rescissions and dropping people when they need it most, but instead are going to have to abide by some basic rules of the road that exemplify a sense of fairness and good value.  That’s number one.

The second thing this does is it creates a pool, a marketplace, where individuals and small businesses, who right now are having a terrible time out there getting health insurance, are going to be able to purchase health insurance as part of a big group -- just like federal employees, just like members of Congress.  They are now going to be part of a pool that can negotiate for better rates, better quality, more competition. 

And that’s why the Congressional Budget Office says this will lower people’s rates for comparable plans by 14 to 20 percent. That’s not my numbers -- that’s the Congressional Budget Office’s numbers.  So that people will have choice and competition just like members of Congress have choice and competition.

Number three, if people still can’t afford it we’re going to provide them some tax credits -- the biggest tax cut for small businesses and working families when it comes to health care in history.

And number four, this is the biggest reduction in our deficit since the Budget Balance Act -- one of the biggest deficit reduction measures in history -- over $1.3 trillion that will help put us on the path of fiscal responsibility.

And that’s before we count all the game-changing measures that are going to assure, for example, that instead of having five tests when you go to the doctor you just get one; that the delivery system is working for patients, not just working for billings.  And everybody who’s looked at it says that every single good idea to bend the cost curve and start actually reducing health care costs are in this bill.

So that’s what this effort is all about.  Toughest insurance reforms in history.  A marketplace so people have choice and competition who right now don’t have it and are seeing their premiums go up 20, 30, 40, 50 percent.  Reductions in the cost of health care for millions of American families, including those who have health insurance.  The Business Roundtable did their own study and said that this would potentially save employers $3,000 per employee on their health care because of the measures in this legislation. 

And by the way, not only does it reduce the deficit -- we pay for it responsibly in ways that the other side of the aisle that talks a lot about fiscal responsibility but doesn’t seem to be able to walk the walk can’t claim when it comes to their prescription drug bill.  We are actually doing it.  This is paid for and will not add a dime to the deficit -- it will reduce the deficit.

Now, is this bill perfect?  Of course not.  Will this solve every single problem in our health care system right away?  No.  There are all kinds of ideas that many of you have that aren’t included in this legislation.  I know that there has been discussion, for example, of how we’re going to deal with regional disparities and I know that there was a meeting with Secretary Sebelius to assure that we can continue to try to make sure that we’ve got a system that gives people the best bang for their buck.

So this is not -- there are all kinds of things that many of you would like to see that isn’t in this legislation.  There are some things I’d like to see that’s not in this legislation.  But is this the single most important step that we have taken on health care since Medicare?  Absolutely.  Is this the most important piece of domestic legislation in terms of giving a break to hardworking middle class families out there since Medicare?  Absolutely.  Is this a vast improvement over the status quo?  Absolutely.

Now, I still know this is a tough vote, though.  I know this is a tough vote.  I’ve talked to many of you individually.  And I have to say that if you honestly believe in your heart of hearts, in your conscience, that this is not an improvement over the status quo; if despite all the information that’s out there that says that without serious reform efforts like this one people’s premiums are going to double over the next five or 10 years, that folks are going to keep on getting letters from their insurance companies saying that their premium just went up 40 or 50 percent; if you think that somehow it’s okay that we have millions of hardworking Americans who can’t get health care and that it’s all right, it’s acceptable, in the wealthiest nation on Earth that there are children with chronic illnesses that can’t get the care that they need -- if you think that the system is working for ordinary Americans rather than the insurance companies, then you should vote no on this bill.  If you can honestly say that, then you shouldn’t support it.  You’re here to represent your constituencies and if you think your constituencies honestly wouldn’t be helped, you shouldn’t vote for this.

But if you agree that the system is not working for ordinary families, if you’ve heard the same stories that I’ve heard everywhere, all across the country, then help us fix this system.  Don't do it for me.  Don’t do it for Nancy Pelosi or Harry Reid.  Do it for all those people out there who are struggling. 

Some of you know I get 10 letters a day that I read out of the 40,000 that we receive.  Started reading some of the ones that I got this morning.  “Dear President Obama, my daughter, a wonderful person, lost her job.  She has no health insurance.  She had a blood clot in her brain.  She’s now disabled, can’t get care.”  “Dear President Obama, I don’t yet qualify for Medicare.  COBRA is about to run out.  I am desperate, don't know what to do.”

Do it for them.  Do it for people who are really scared right now through no fault of their own, who’ve played by the rules, who’ve done all the right things, and have suddenly found out that because of an accident, because of an ailment, they’re about to lose their house; or they can’t provide the help to their kids that they need; or they’re a small business who up until now has always taken pride in providing care for their workers and it turns out that they just can’t afford to do it anymore and they’ve having to make a decision about do I keep providing health insurance for my workers or do I just drop their coverage or do I not hire some people because I simply can’t afford it -- it’s all being gobbled up by the insurance companies.

Don’t do it for me.  Don’t do it for the Democratic Party.  Do it for the American people.  They’re the ones who are looking for action right now.

I know this is a tough vote.  And I am actually confident -- I’ve talked to some of you individually -- that it will end up being the smart thing to do politically because I believe that good policy is good politics.  I am convinced that when you go out there and you are standing tall and you are saying I believe that this is the right thing to do for my constituents and the right thing to do for America, that ultimately the truth will out.

I had a wonderful conversation with Betsy Markey.  I don't know if Betsy is around here.  There she is right there.  Betsy is in a tough district.  The biggest newspaper is somewhat conservative, as Betsy described.  They weren’t real happy with health care reform.  They were opposed to it.  Betsy, despite the pressure, announced that she was in favor of this bill.  And lo and behold, the next day that same newspaper runs an editorial saying, you know what, we’ve considered this, we’ve looked at the legislation, and we actually are pleased that Congresswoman Markey is supporting the legislation.

When I see John Boccieri stand up proud with a whole bunch of his constituencies -- in as tough a district as there is and stand up with a bunch of folks from his district with preexisting conditions and saying, you know, I don’t know what is going on Washington but I know what’s going on with these families -- I look at him with pride.

Now, I can’t guarantee that this is good politics.  Every one of you know your districts better than I do.  You talk to folks.  You’re under enormous pressure.  You’re getting robocalls.  You’re getting e-mails that are tying up the communications system.  I know the pressure you’re under.  I get a few comments made about me.  I don’t know if you’ve noticed.  I’ve been in your shoes.  I know what it’s like to take a tough vote.

But what did Lincoln say?  “I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true.”  Two generations ago, folks who were sitting in your position, they made a decision -- we are going to make sure that seniors and the poor have health care coverage that they can count on.  And they did the right thing. 

And I’m sure at the time they were making that vote, they weren’t sure how the politics were either, any more than the people who made the decision to make sure that Social Security was in place knew how the politics would play out, or folks who passed the civil rights acts knew how the politics were going to play out.  They were not bound to win, but they were bound to be true.

And now we’ve got middle class Americans, don’t have Medicare, don’t have Medicaid, watching the employer-based system fray along the edges or being caught in terrible situations.  And the question is, are we going to be true to them? 

Sometimes I think about how I got involved in politics.  I didn’t think of myself as a potential politician when I get out of college.  I went to work in neighborhoods, working with Catholic churches in poor neighborhoods in Chicago, trying to figure out how people could get a little bit of help.  And I was skeptical about politics and politicians, just like a lot of Americans are skeptical about politics and politicians are right now.  Because my working assumption was when push comes to shove, all too often folks in elected office, they’re looking for themselves and not looking out for the folks who put them there; that there are too many compromises; that the special interests have too much power; they just got too much clout; there’s too much big money washing around.

And I decided finally to get involved because I realized if I wasn’t willing to step up and be true to the things I believe in, then the system wouldn’t change.  Every single one of you had that same kind of moment at the beginning of your careers.  Maybe it was just listening to stories in your neighborhood about what was happening to people who’d been laid off of work.  Maybe it was your own family experience, somebody got sick and didn’t have health care and you said something should change. 

Something inspired you to get involved, and something inspired you to be a Democrat instead of running as a Republican.  Because somewhere deep in your heart you said to yourself, I believe in an America in which we don’t just look out for ourselves, that we don’t just tell people you’re on your own, that we are proud of our individualism, we are proud of our liberty, but we also have a sense of neighborliness and a sense of community -- and we are willing to look out for one another and help people who are vulnerable and help people who are down on their luck and give them a pathway to success and give them a ladder into the middle class.  That’s why you decided to run.

And now a lot of us have been here a while and everybody here has taken their lumps and their bruises.  And it turns out people have had to make compromises, and you’ve been away from families for a long time and you’ve missed special events for your kids sometimes.  And maybe there have been times where you asked yourself, why did I ever get involved in politics in the first place?  And maybe things can’t change after all.  And when you do something courageous, it turns out sometimes you may be attacked.  And sometimes the very people you thought you were trying to help may be angry at you and shout at you.  And you say to yourself, maybe that thing that I started with has been lost. 

But you know what?  Every once in a while, every once in a while a moment comes where you have a chance to vindicate all those best hopes that you had about yourself, about this country, where you have a chance to make good on those promises that you made in all those town meetings and all those constituency breakfasts and all that traveling through the district, all those people who you looked in the eye and you said, you know what, you’re right, the system is not working for you and I’m going to make it a little bit better. 

And this is one of those moments.  This is one of those times where you can honestly say to yourself, doggone it, this is exactly why I came here.  This is why I got into politics.  This is why I got into public service.  This is why I’ve made those sacrifices.  Because I believe so deeply in this country and I believe so deeply in this democracy and I’m willing to stand up even when it’s hard, even when it’s tough.

Every single one of you have made that promise not just to your constituents but to yourself.  And this is the time to make true on that promise.  We are not bound to win, but we are bound to be true.  We are not bound to succeed, but we are bound to let whatever light we have shine.  We have been debating health care for decades.  It has now been debated for a year.  It is in your hands.  It is time to pass health care reform for America, and I am confident that you are going to do it tomorrow. 

Thank you very much, House of Representatives.  Let’s get this done.

Good evening, everybody. Tonight, after nearly 100 years of talk and frustration, after decades of trying, and a year of sustained effort and debate, the United States Congress finally declared that America’s workers and America's families and America's small businesses deserve the security of knowing that here, in this country, neither illness nor accident should endanger the dreams they’ve worked a lifetime to achieve.

Tonight, at a time when the pundits said it was no longer possible, we rose above the weight of our politics. We pushed back on the undue influence of special interests. We didn't give in to mistrust or to cynicism or to fear. Instead, we proved that we are still a people capable of doing big things and tackling our biggest challenges. We proved that this government -- a government of the people and by the people -- still works for the people.

I want to thank every member of Congress who stood up tonight with courage and conviction to make health care reform a reality. And I know this wasn’t an easy vote for a lot of people. But it was the right vote. I want to thank Speaker Nancy Pelosi for her extraordinary leadership, and Majority Leader Steny Hoyer and Majority Whip Jim Clyburn for their commitment to getting the job done. I want to thank my outstanding Vice President, Joe Biden, and my wonderful Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kathleen Sebelius, for their fantastic work on this issue. I want to thank the many staffers in Congress, and my own incredible staff in the White House, who have worked tirelessly over the past year with Americans of all walks of life to forge a reform package finally worthy of the people we were sent here to serve.

Today’s vote answers the dreams of so many who have fought for this reform. To every unsung American who took the time to sit down and write a letter or type out an e-mail hoping your voice would be heard -- it has been heard tonight. To the untold numbers who knocked on doors and made phone calls, who organized and mobilized out of a firm conviction that change in this country comes not from the top down, but from the bottom up -- let me reaffirm that conviction: This moment is possible because of you.

Most importantly, today’s vote answers the prayers of every American who has hoped deeply for something to be done about a health care system that works for insurance companies, but not for ordinary people. For most Americans, this debate has never been about abstractions, the fight between right and left, Republican and Democrat -- it’s always been about something far more personal. It’s about every American who knows the shock of opening an envelope to see that their premiums just shot up again when times are already tough enough. It’s about every parent who knows the desperation of trying to cover a child with a chronic illness only to be told “no” again and again and again. It’s about every small business owner forced to choose between insuring employees and staying open for business. They are why we committed ourselves to this cause.

Tonight’s vote is not a victory for any one party -- it's a victory for them. It's a victory for the American people. And it's a victory for common sense.

Now, it probably goes without saying that tonight’s vote will give rise to a frenzy of instant analysis. There will be tallies of Washington winners and losers, predictions about what it means for Democrats and Republicans, for my poll numbers, for my administration. But long after the debate fades away and the prognostication fades away and the dust settles, what will remain standing is not the government-run system some feared, or the status quo that serves the interests of the insurance industry, but a health care system that incorporates ideas from both parties -- a system that works better for the American people.

If you have health insurance, this reform just gave you more control by reining in the worst excesses and abuses of the insurance industry with some of the toughest consumer protections this country has ever known -- so that you are actually getting what you pay for.

If you don’t have insurance, this reform gives you a chance to be a part of a big purchasing pool that will give you choice and competition and cheaper prices for insurance. And it includes the largest health care tax cut for working families and small businesses in history -- so that if you lose your job and you change jobs, start that new business, you’ll finally be able to purchase quality, affordable care and the security and peace of mind that comes with it.

This reform is the right thing to do for our seniors. It makes Medicare stronger and more solvent, extending its life by almost a decade. And it’s the right thing to do for our future. It will reduce our deficit by more than $100 billion over the next decade, and more than $1 trillion in the decade after that.

So this isn’t radical reform. But it is major reform. This legislation will not fix everything that ails our health care system. But it moves us decisively in the right direction. This is what change looks like.

Now as momentous as this day is, it's not the end of this journey. On Tuesday, the Senate will take up revisions to this legislation that the House has embraced, and these are revisions that have strengthened this law and removed provisions that had no place in it. Some have predicted another siege of parliamentary maneuvering in order to delay adoption of these improvements. I hope that’s not the case. It’s time to bring this debate to a close and begin the hard work of implementing this reform properly on behalf of the American people. This year, and in years to come, we have a solemn responsibility to do it right.

Nor does this day represent the end of the work that faces our country. The work of revitalizing our economy goes on. The work of promoting private sector job creation goes on. The work of putting American families’ dreams back within reach goes on. And we march on, with renewed confidence, energized by this victory on their behalf.

In the end, what this day represents is another stone firmly laid in the foundation of the American Dream. Tonight, we answered the call of history as so many generations of Americans have before us. When faced with crisis, we did not shrink from our challenge -- we overcame it. We did not avoid our responsibility -- we embraced it. We did not fear our future -- we shaped it.

Thank you, God bless you, and may God bless the United States of America.

Today, after almost a century of trying --

Today, after over a year of debate --

Today, after all the votes have been tallied, health insurance reform becomes law in the United States of America -- today.

It is fitting that Congress passed this historic legislation this week.  For as we mark the turning of spring, we also mark a new season in America.  In a few moments, when I sign this bill, all of the overheated rhetoric over reform will finally confront the reality of reform.

And while the Senate still has a last round of improvements to make on this historic legislation -- and these are improvements I’m confident they will make swiftly -- the bill I’m signing will set in motion reforms that generations of Americans have fought for, and marched for, and hungered to see.

It will take four years to implement fully many of these reforms, because we need to implement them responsibly.  We need to get this right.  But a host of desperately needed reforms will take effect right away.

This year, we’ll start offering tax credits to about 4 million small businessmen and women to help them cover the cost of insurance for their employees.  That happens this year.

This year, tens of thousands of uninsured Americans with preexisting conditions, the parents of children who have a preexisting condition, will finally be able to purchase the coverage they need.  That happens this year.

This year, insurance companies will no longer be able to drop people’s coverage when they get sick. They won’t be able to place lifetime limits or restrictive annual limits on the amount of care they can receive.

This year, all new insurance plans will be required to offer free preventive care.  And this year, young adults will be able to stay on their parents’ policies until they’re 26 years old.  That happens this year.

And this year, seniors who fall in the coverage gap known as the doughnut hole will start getting some help.  They’ll receive 250 dollars to help pay for prescriptions, and that will, over time, fill in the doughnut hole.  And I want seniors to know, despite what some have said, these reforms will not cut your guaranteed benefits. In fact, under this law, Americans on Medicare will receive free preventive care without co-payments or deductibles.  That begins this year.

Once this reform is implemented, health insurance exchanges will be created, a competitive marketplace where uninsured people and small businesses will finally be able to purchase affordable, quality insurance.  They will be able to be part of a big pool and get the same good deal that members of Congress get.  That’s what’s going to happen under this reform.  And when this exchange is up and running, millions of people will get tax breaks to help them afford coverage, which represents the largest middle-class tax cut for health care in history.   That's what this reform is about.

This legislation will also lower costs for families and for businesses and for the federal government, reducing our deficit by over one trillion dollars in the next two decades.  It is paid for.  It is fiscally responsible.  And it will help lift a decades-long drag on our economy.  That's part of what all of you together worked on and made happen.

That our generation is able to succeed in passing this reform is a testament to the persistence --- and the character -- of the American people, who championed this cause; who mobilized; who organized; who believed that people who love this country can change it.

It’s also a testament to the historic leadership -- and uncommon courage -- of the men and women of the United States Congress, who’ve taken their lumps during this difficult debate.

AUDIENCE MEMBER:  Yes, we did.

THE PRESIDENT:  You know, there are few tougher jobs in politics or government than leading one of our legislative chambers.  In each chamber, there are men and women who come from different places and face different pressures, who reach different conclusions about the same things and feel deeply concerned about different things.

By necessity, leaders have to speak to those different concerns.  It isn’t always tidy; it is almost never easy.  But perhaps the greatest -- and most difficult -- challenge is to cobble together out of those differences the sense of common interest and common purpose that’s required to advance the dreams of all people -- especially in a country as large and diverse as ours.

And we are blessed by leaders in each chamber who not only do their jobs very well but who never lost sight of that larger mission.  They didn’t play for the short term; they didn’t play to the polls or to politics:  One of the best speakers the House of Representatives has ever had, Speaker Nancy Pelosi.

AUDIENCE:  Nancy!  Nancy!  Nancy!  Nancy!

THE PRESIDENT:  One of the best majority leaders the Senate has ever had, Mr. Harry Reid.

To all of the terrific committee chairs, all the members of Congress who did what was difficult, but did what was right, and passed health care reform -- not just this generation of Americans will thank you, but the next generation of Americans will thank you. 

And of course, this victory was also made possible by the painstaking work of members of this administration, including our outstanding Secretary of Health and Human Services, Kathleen Sebelius -- and one of the unsung heroes of this effort, an extraordinary woman who led the reform effort from the White House, Nancy-Ann DeParle.  Where’s Nancy?

Today, I’m signing this reform bill into law on behalf of my mother, who argued with insurance companies even as she battled cancer in her final days.

I’m signing it for Ryan Smith, who’s here today.  He runs a small business with five employees.  He’s trying to do the right thing, paying half the cost of coverage for his workers.  This bill will help him afford that coverage.

I’m signing it for 11-year-old Marcelas Owens, who’s also here. Marcelas lost his mom to an illness.  And she didn’t have insurance and couldn’t afford the care that she needed.  So in her memory he has told her story across America so that no other children have to go through what his family has experienced.

I’m signing it for Natoma Canfield.  Natoma had to give up her health coverage after her rates were jacked up by more than 40 percent.  She was terrified that an illness would mean she’d lose the house that her parents built, so she gave up her insurance.  Now she’s lying in a hospital bed, as we speak, faced with just such an illness, praying that she can somehow afford to get well without insurance.  Natoma’s family is here today because Natoma can’t be.  And her sister Connie is here.  Connie, stand up.

I’m signing this bill for all the leaders who took up this cause through the generations -- from Teddy Roosevelt to Franklin Roosevelt, from Harry Truman, to Lyndon Johnson, from Bill and Hillary Clinton, to one of the deans who’s been fighting this so long, John Dingell.  To Senator Ted Kennedy.  And it’s fitting that Ted’s widow, Vicki, is here -- it’s fitting that Teddy’s widow, Vicki, is here; and his niece Caroline; his son Patrick, whose vote helped make this reform a reality. 

I remember seeing Ted walk through that door in a summit in this room a year ago -- one of his last public appearances.  And it was hard for him to make it.  But he was confident that we would do the right thing.

Our presence here today is remarkable and improbable.  With all the punditry, all of the lobbying, all of the game-playing that passes for governing in Washington, it’s been easy at times to doubt our ability to do such a big thing, such a complicated thing; to wonder if there are limits to what we, as a people, can still achieve.  It’s easy to succumb to the sense of cynicism about what’s possible in this country.

But today, we are affirming that essential truth -- a truth every generation is called to rediscover for itself -- that we are not a nation that scales back its aspirations.  We are not a nation that falls prey to doubt or mistrust.  We don't fall prey to fear.  We are not a nation that does what’s easy.  That’s not who we are.  That’s not how we got here.

We are a nation that faces its challenges and accepts its responsibilities.  We are a nation that does what is hard.  What is necessary.  What is right.  Here, in this country, we shape our own destiny.  That is what we do.  That is who we are.  That is what makes us the United States of America. 

And we have now just enshrined, as soon as I sign this bill, the core principle that everybody should have some basic security when it comes to their health care. And it is an extraordinary achievement that has happened because of all of you and all the advocates all across the country.

So, thank you.  Thank you.  God bless you, and may God bless the United States. Thank you.  Thank you.

All right, I would now like to call up to stage some of the members of Congress who helped make this day possible, and some of the Americans who will benefit from these reforms.  And we’re going to sign this bill.

This is going to take a little while.  I’ve got to use every pen, so it’s going to take a really long time. I didn’t practice. 

We are done.

Thank you, so much.

Vice President Biden, Mr. Chief Justice, members of the United States Congress, distinguished guests, and fellow citizens, each time we gather to inaugurate a president, we bear witness to the enduring strength of our Constitution. We affirm the promise of our democracy. We recall that what binds this nation together is not the colors of our skin or the tenets of our faith or the origins of our names.

What makes us exceptional, what makes us America is our allegiance to an idea articulated in a declaration made more than two centuries ago:

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.

Today we continue a never ending journey to bridge the meaning of those words with the realities of our time. For history tells us that while these truths may be self-evident, they’ve never been self-executing. That while freedom is a gift from God, it must be secured by his people here on earth.

The patriots of 1776 did not fight to replace the tyranny of a king with the privileges of a few, or the rule of a mob. They gave to us a republic, a government of, and by, and for the people. Entrusting each generation to keep safe our founding creed. And for more than 200 years we have. Through blood drawn by lash, and blood drawn by sword, we noted that no union founded on the principles of liberty and equality could survive half slave, and half free. We made ourselves anew, and vowed to move forward together.

Together we determined that a modern economy requires railroads and highways to speed travel and commerce, schools and colleges to train our workers. Together we discovered that a free market only thrives when there are rules to ensure competition and fair play. Together we resolve that a great nation must care for the vulnerable and protect its people from life’s worst hazards and misfortune.

Through it all, we have never relinquished our skepticism of central authority, nor have we succumbed to the fiction that all societies ills can be cured through government alone. Our celebration of initiative and enterprise, our insistence on hard work and personal responsibility, these are constants in our character.

But we have always understood that when times change, so must we; that fidelity to our founding principles requires new responses to new challenges; that preserving our individual freedoms ultimately requires collective action. For the American people can no more meet the demands of today’s world by acting alone than American soldiers could have met the forces of fascism or communism with muskets and militias. No single person can train all the math and science teachers we’ll need to equip our children for the future, or build the roads and networks and research labs that will bring new jobs and businesses to our shores. Now, more than ever, we must do these things together, as one nation and one people.

This generation of Americans has been tested by crises that steeled our resolve and proved our resilience.  A decade of war is now ending. An economic recovery has begun. America’s possibilities are limitless, for we possess all the qualities that this world without boundaries demands:  youth and drive; diversity and openness; an endless capacity for risk and a gift for reinvention. My fellow Americans, we are made for this moment, and we will seize it -- so long as we seize it together.

For we, the people, understand that our country cannot succeed when a shrinking few do very well and a growing many barely make it. We believe that America’s prosperity must rest upon the broad shoulders of a rising middle class. We know that America thrives when every person can find independence and pride in their work; when the wages of honest labor liberate families from the brink of hardship. We are true to our creed when a little girl born into the bleakest poverty knows that she has the same chance to succeed as anybody else, because she is an American; she is free, and she is equal, not just in the eyes of God but also in our own.

We understand that outworn programs are inadequate to the needs of our time. So we must harness new ideas and technology to remake our government, revamp our tax code, reform our schools, and empower our citizens with the skills they need to work harder, learn more, reach higher. But while the means will change, our purpose endures. A nation that rewards the effort and determination of every single American. That is what this moment requires. That is what will give real meaning to our creed.

We, the people, still believe that every citizen deserves a basic measure of security and dignity. We must make the hard choices to reduce the cost of health care and the size of our deficit. But we reject the belief that America must choose between caring for the generation that built this country and investing in the generation that will build its future. For we remember the lessons of our past, when twilight years were spent in poverty and parents of a child with a disability had nowhere to turn.

We do not believe that in this country freedom is reserved for the lucky, or happiness for the few. We recognize that no matter how responsibly we live our lives, any one of us at any time may face a job loss, or a sudden illness, or a home swept away in a terrible storm. The commitments we make to each other through Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, these things do not sap our initiative, they strengthen us. They do not make us a nation of takers; they free us to take the risks that make this country great.

We, the people, still believe that our obligations as Americans are not just to ourselves, but to all posterity. We will respond to the threat of climate change, knowing that the failure to do so would betray our children and future generations. Some may still deny the overwhelming judgment of science, but none can avoid the devastating impact of raging fires and crippling drought and more powerful storms.

The path towards sustainable energy sources will be long and sometimes difficult. But America cannot resist this transition, we must lead it. We cannot cede to other nations the technology that will power new jobs and new industries, we must claim its promise. That’s how we will maintain our economic vitality and our national treasure -- our forests and waterways, our crop lands, and snow-capped peaks. That is how we will preserve our planet, commanded to our care by God. That’s what will lend meaning to the creed our Fathers once declared.

We, the people, still believe that enduring security and lasting peace do not require perpetual war. Our brave men and women in uniform, tempered by the flames of battle, are unmatched in skill and courage. Our citizens, seared by the memory of those we have lost, know too well the price that is paid for liberty. The knowledge of their sacrifice will keep us forever vigilant against those who would do us harm. But we are also heirs to those who won the peace and not just the war; who turned sworn enemies into the surest of friends -- and we must carry those lessons into this time as well.

We will defend our people and uphold our values through strength of arms and rule of law. We will show the courage to try and resolve our differences with other nations peacefully -- not because we are naïve about the dangers we face, but because engagement can more durably lift suspicion and fear.

America will remain the anchor of strong alliances in every corner of the globe. And we will renew those institutions that extend our capacity to manage crisis abroad, for no one has a greater stake in a peaceful world than its most powerful nation. We will support democracy from Asia to Africa, from the Americas to the Middle East, because our interests and our conscience compel us to act on behalf of those who long for freedom. And we must be a source of hope to the poor, the sick, the marginalized, the victims of prejudice -- not out of mere charity, but because peace in our time requires the constant advance of those principles that our common creed describes: tolerance and opportunity, human dignity, and justice.

We, the people, declare today that the most evident of truths -- that all of us are created equal -- is the star that guides us still; just as it guided our forebears through Seneca Falls, and Selma, and Stonewall; just as it guided all those men and women, sung and unsung, who left footprints along this great Mall, to hear a preacher say that we cannot walk alone; to hear a "King" proclaim that our individual freedom is inextricably bound to the freedom of every soul on Earth.

It is now our generation’s task to carry on what those pioneers began. For our journey is not complete until our wives, our mothers and daughters can earn a living equal to their efforts.

Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law -- for if we are truly created equal, then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well.

Our journey is not complete until no citizen is forced to wait for hours to exercise the right to vote.

Our journey is not complete until we find a better way to welcome the striving, hopeful immigrants who still see America as a land of opportunity -- until bright young students and engineers are enlisted in our workforce rather than expelled from our country.

Our journey is not complete until all our children, from the streets of Detroit to the hills of Appalachia, to the quiet lanes of Newtown, know that they are cared for and cherished and always safe from harm.

That is our generation’s task: to make these words, these rights, these values of life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness real for every American. Being true to our founding documents does not require us to agree on every contour of life. It does not mean we all define liberty in exactly the same way or follow the same precise path to happiness. Progress does not compel us to settle centuries-long debates about the role of government for all time, but it does require us to act in our time.

For now decisions are upon us and we cannot afford delay. We cannot mistake absolutism for principle, or substitute spectacle for politics, or treat name-calling as reasoned debate. We must act, knowing that our work will be imperfect. We must act, knowing that today’s victories will be only partial and that it will be up to those who stand here in four years and 40 years and 400 years hence to advance the timeless spirit once conferred to us in a spare Philadelphia hall.

My fellow Americans, the oath I have sworn before you today, like the one recited by others who serve in this Capitol, was an oath to God and country, not party or faction. And we must faithfully execute that pledge during the duration of our service. But the words I spoke today are not so different from the oath that is taken each time a soldier signs up for duty or an immigrant realizes her dream. My oath is not so different from the pledge we all make to the flag that waves above and that fills our hearts with pride.

They are the words of citizens and they represent our greatest hope. You and I, as citizens, have the power to set this country’s course. You and I, as citizens, have the obligation to shape the debates of our time -- not only with the votes we cast, but with the voices we lift in defense of our most ancient values and enduring ideals.

Let us, each of us, now embrace with solemn duty and awesome joy what is our lasting birthright. With common effort and common purpose, with passion and dedication, let us answer the call of history and carry into an uncertain future that precious light of freedom.

Thank you.

God bless you.

And may He forever bless these United States of America.

r. Speaker, Mr. Vice President, members of Congress, fellow citizens:

Fifty-one years ago, John F. Kennedy declared to this chamber that “the Constitution makes us not rivals for power but partners for progress.”  “It is my task,” he said, “to report the State of the Union -- to improve it is the task of us all.”

Tonight, thanks to the grit and determination of the American people, there is much progress to report.  After a decade of grinding war, our brave men and women in uniform are coming home.  After years of grueling recession, our businesses have created over six million new jobs.  We buy more American cars than we have in five years, and less foreign oil than we have in 20.  Our housing market is healing, our stock market is rebounding, and consumers, patients, and homeowners enjoy stronger protections than ever before.

So, together, we have cleared away the rubble of crisis, and we can say with renewed confidence that the State of our Union is stronger.

But we gather here knowing that there are millions of Americans whose hard work and dedication have not yet been rewarded.  Our economy is adding jobs -- but too many people still can’t find full-time employment.  Corporate profits have skyrocketed to all-time highs -- but for more than a decade, wages and incomes have barely budged.

It is our generation’s task, then, to reignite the true engine of America’s economic growth -- a rising, thriving middle class.

It is our unfinished task to restore the basic bargain that built this country -- the idea that if you work hard and meet your responsibilities, you can get ahead, no matter where you come from, no matter what you look like, or who you love.

It is our unfinished task to make sure that this government works on behalf of the many, and not just the few; that it encourages free enterprise, rewards individual initiative, and opens the doors of opportunity to every child across this great nation.

The American people don’t expect government to solve every problem.  They don’t expect those of us in this chamber to agree on every issue.  But they do expect us to put the nation’s interests before party.  They do expect us to forge reasonable compromise where we can.  For they know that America moves forward only when we do so together, and that the responsibility of improving this union remains the task of us all.

Our work must begin by making some basic decisions about our budget -- decisions that will have a huge impact on the strength of our recovery.

Over the last few years, both parties have worked together to reduce the deficit by more than $2.5 trillion -- mostly through spending cuts, but also by raising tax rates on the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans.  As a result, we are more than halfway towards the goal of $4 trillion in deficit reduction that economists say we need to stabilize our finances.

Now we need to finish the job.  And the question is, how?

In 2011, Congress passed a law saying that if both parties couldn’t agree on a plan to reach our deficit goal, about a trillion dollars’ worth of budget cuts would automatically go into effect this year.  These sudden, harsh, arbitrary cuts would jeopardize our military readiness.  They’d devastate priorities like education, and energy, and medical research.  They would certainly slow our recovery, and cost us hundreds of thousands of jobs.  That’s why Democrats, Republicans, business leaders, and economists have already said that these cuts, known here in Washington as the sequester, are a really bad idea.

Now, some in Congress have proposed preventing only the defense cuts by making even bigger cuts to things like education and job training, Medicare and Social Security benefits.  That idea is even worse.

Yes, the biggest driver of our long-term debt is the rising cost of health care for an aging population.  And those of us who care deeply about programs like Medicare must embrace the need for modest reforms -- otherwise, our retirement programs will crowd out the investments we need for our children, and jeopardize the promise of a secure retirement for future generations.

But we can’t ask senior citizens and working families to shoulder the entire burden of deficit reduction while asking nothing more from the wealthiest and the most powerful.  We won’t grow the middle class simply by shifting the cost of health care or college onto families that are already struggling, or by forcing communities to lay off more teachers and more cops and more firefighters.  Most Americans -- Democrats, Republicans, and independents -- understand that we can’t just cut our way to prosperity.  They know that broad-based economic growth requires a balanced approach to deficit reduction, with spending cuts and revenue, and with everybody doing their fair share.  And that’s the approach I offer tonight.

On Medicare, I’m prepared to enact reforms that will achieve the same amount of health care savings by the beginning of the next decade as the reforms proposed by the bipartisan Simpson-Bowles commission.

Already, the Affordable Care Act is helping to slow the growth of health care costs.  And the reforms I’m proposing go even further.  We’ll reduce taxpayer subsidies to prescription drug companies and ask more from the wealthiest seniors.  We’ll bring down costs by changing the way our government pays for Medicare, because our medical bills shouldn’t be based on the number of tests ordered or days spent in the hospital; they should be based on the quality of care that our seniors receive.  And I am open to additional reforms from both parties, so long as they don’t violate the guarantee of a secure retirement.  Our government shouldn’t make promises we cannot keep -- but we must keep the promises we’ve already made.

To hit the rest of our deficit reduction target, we should do what leaders in both parties have already suggested, and save hundreds of billions of dollars by getting rid of tax loopholes and deductions for the well-off and the well-connected.  After all, why would we choose to make deeper cuts to education and Medicare just to protect special interest tax breaks?  How is that fair?  Why is it that deficit reduction is a big emergency justifying making cuts in Social Security benefits but not closing some loopholes?  How does that promote growth?

Now is our best chance for bipartisan, comprehensive tax reform that encourages job creation and helps bring down the deficit.  We can get this done.  The American people deserve a tax code that helps small businesses spend less time filling out complicated forms, and more time expanding and hiring -- a tax code that ensures billionaires with high-powered accountants can’t work the system and pay a lower rate than their hardworking secretaries; a tax code that lowers incentives to move jobs overseas, and lowers tax rates for businesses and manufacturers that are creating jobs right here in the United States of America.  That’s what tax reform can deliver.  That’s what we can do together.

I realize that tax reform and entitlement reform will not be easy.  The politics will be hard for both sides.  None of us will get 100 percent of what we want.  But the alternative will cost us jobs, hurt our economy, visit hardship on millions of hardworking Americans.  So let’s set party interests aside and work to pass a budget that replaces reckless cuts with smart savings and wise investments in our future.  And let’s do it without the brinksmanship that stresses consumers and scares off investors.  The greatest nation on Earth cannot keep conducting its business by drifting from one manufactured crisis to the next.  We can't do it.

Let’s agree right here, right now to keep the people’s government open, and pay our bills on time, and always uphold the full faith and credit of the United States of America.  The American people have worked too hard, for too long, rebuilding from one crisis to see their elected officials cause another.

Now, most of us agree that a plan to reduce the deficit must be part of our agenda.  But let’s be clear, deficit reduction alone is not an economic plan.   A growing economy that creates good, middle-class jobs -- that must be the North Star that guides our efforts.  Every day, we should ask ourselves three questions as a nation:  How do we attract more jobs to our shores?  How do we equip our people with the skills they need to get those jobs?  And how do we make sure that hard work leads to a decent living?

A year and a half ago, I put forward an American Jobs Act that independent economists said would create more than 1 million new jobs.  And I thank the last Congress for passing some of that agenda.  I urge this Congress to pass the rest.  But tonight, I’ll lay out additional proposals that are fully paid for and fully consistent with the budget framework both parties agreed to just 18 months ago.  Let me repeat -- nothing I’m proposing tonight should increase our deficit by a single dime.  It is not a bigger government we need, but a smarter government that sets priorities and invests in broad-based growth.  That's what we should be looking for.

Our first priority is making America a magnet for new jobs and manufacturing.  After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three.  Caterpillar is bringing jobs back from Japan.  Ford is bringing jobs back from Mexico.  And this year, Apple will start making Macs in America again.

There are things we can do, right now, to accelerate this trend.  Last year, we created our first manufacturing innovation institute in Youngstown, Ohio.  A once-shuttered warehouse is now a state-of-the art lab where new workers are mastering the 3D printing that has the potential to revolutionize the way we make almost everything.  There’s no reason this can’t happen in other towns.

So tonight, I’m announcing the launch of three more of these manufacturing hubs, where businesses will partner with the Department of Defense and Energy to turn regions left behind by globalization into global centers of high-tech jobs.  And I ask this Congress to help create a network of 15 of these hubs and guarantee that the next revolution in manufacturing is made right here in America.  We can get that done.

Now, if we want to make the best products, we also have to invest in the best ideas.  Every dollar we invested to map the human genome returned $140 to our economy -- every dollar.  Today, our scientists are mapping the human brain to unlock the answers to Alzheimer’s.  They’re developing drugs to regenerate damaged organs; devising new material to make batteries 10 times more powerful.  Now is not the time to gut these job-creating investments in science and innovation.  Now is the time to reach a level of research and development not seen since the height of the Space Race.  We need to make those investments.

Today, no area holds more promise than our investments in American energy.  After years of talking about it, we’re finally poised to control our own energy future.  We produce more oil at home than we have in 15 years. We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas, and the amount of renewable energy we generate from sources like wind and solar -- with tens of thousands of good American jobs to show for it.  We produce more natural gas than ever before -- and nearly everyone’s energy bill is lower because of it.  And over the last four years, our emissions of the dangerous carbon pollution that threatens our planet have actually fallen.

But for the sake of our children and our future, we must do more to combat climate change.  Now, it’s true that no single event makes a trend.  But the fact is the 12 hottest years on record have all come in the last 15.  Heat waves, droughts, wildfires, floods -- all are now more frequent and more intense.  We can choose to believe that Superstorm Sandy, and the most severe drought in decades, and the worst wildfires some states have ever seen were all just a freak coincidence.  Or we can choose to believe in the overwhelming judgment of science -- and act before it’s too late.

Now, the good news is we can make meaningful progress on this issue while driving strong economic growth.  I urge this Congress to get together, pursue a bipartisan, market-based solution to climate change, like the one John McCain and Joe Lieberman worked on together a few years ago.  But if Congress won’t act soon to protect future generations, I will.  I will direct my Cabinet to come up with executive actions we can take, now and in the future, to reduce pollution, prepare our communities for the consequences of climate change, and speed the transition to more sustainable sources of energy.

Four years ago, other countries dominated the clean energy market and the jobs that came with it.  And we’ve begun to change that.  Last year, wind energy added nearly half of all new power capacity in America.  So let’s generate even more.  Solar energy gets cheaper by the year -- let’s drive down costs even further. As long as countries like China keep going all in on clean energy, so must we.

Now, in the meantime, the natural gas boom has led to cleaner power and greater energy independence.  We need to encourage that.  And that’s why my administration will keep cutting red tape and speeding up new oil and gas permits. That’s got to be part of an all-of-the-above plan.  But I also want to work with this Congress to encourage the research and technology that helps natural gas burn even cleaner and protects our air and our water.

In fact, much of our new-found energy is drawn from lands and waters that we, the public, own together.  So tonight, I propose we use some of our oil and gas revenues to fund an Energy Security Trust that will drive new research and technology to shift our cars and trucks off oil for good.  If a nonpartisan coalition of CEOs and retired generals and admirals can get behind this idea, then so can we.  Let’s take their advice and free our families and businesses from the painful spikes in gas prices we’ve put up with for far too long.

I’m also issuing a new goal for America:  Let’s cut in half the energy wasted by our homes and businesses over the next 20 years.  We'll work with the states to do it.  Those states with the best ideas to create jobs and lower energy bills by constructing more efficient buildings will receive federal support to help make that happen.

America’s energy sector is just one part of an aging infrastructure badly in need of repair.  Ask any CEO where they’d rather locate and hire -- a country with deteriorating roads and bridges, or one with high-speed rail and Internet; high-tech schools, self-healing power grids.  The CEO of Siemens America -- a company that brought hundreds of new jobs to North Carolina -- said that if we upgrade our infrastructure, they’ll bring even more jobs.  And that’s the attitude of a lot of companies all around the world.  And I know you want these job-creating projects in your district.  I’ve seen all those ribbon-cuttings.

So tonight, I propose a “Fix-It-First” program to put people to work as soon as possible on our most urgent repairs, like the nearly 70,000 structurally deficient bridges across the country. And to make sure taxpayers don’t shoulder the whole burden, I’m also proposing a Partnership to Rebuild America that attracts private capital to upgrade what our businesses need most:  modern ports to move our goods, modern pipelines to withstand a storm, modern schools worthy of our children.  Let’s prove that there’s no better place to do business than here in the United States of America, and let’s start right away.  We can get this done.

And part of our rebuilding effort must also involve our housing sector.  The good news is our housing market is finally healing from the collapse of 2007.  Home prices are rising at the fastest pace in six years.  Home purchases are up nearly 50 percent, and construction is expanding again.

But even with mortgage rates near a 50-year low, too many families with solid credit who want to buy a home are being rejected.  Too many families who never missed a payment and want to refinance are being told no.  That’s holding our entire economy back.  We need to fix it.

Right now, there’s a bill in this Congress that would give every responsible homeowner in America the chance to save $3,000 a year by refinancing at today’s rates.  Democrats and Republicans have supported it before, so what are we waiting for? Take a vote, and send me that bill.  Why would we be against that?  Why would that be a partisan issue, helping folks refinance?  Right now, overlapping regulations keep responsible young families from buying their first home.  What’s holding us back?  Let’s streamline the process, and help our economy grow.

These initiatives in manufacturing, energy, infrastructure, housing -- all these things will help entrepreneurs and small business owners expand and create new jobs.  But none of it will matter unless we also equip our citizens with the skills and training to fill those jobs.

And that has to start at the earliest possible age.  Study after study shows that the sooner a child begins learning, the better he or she does down the road.  But today, fewer than 3 in 10 four year-olds are enrolled in a high-quality preschool program.  Most middle-class parents can’t afford a few hundred bucks a week for a private preschool.  And for poor kids who need help the most, this lack of access to preschool education can shadow them for the rest of their lives.  So tonight, I propose working with states to make high-quality preschool available to every single child in America.  That's something we should be able to do.

Every dollar we invest in high-quality early childhood education can save more than seven dollars later on -- by boosting graduation rates, reducing teen pregnancy, even reducing violent crime.  In states that make it a priority to educate our youngest children, like Georgia or Oklahoma, studies show students grow up more likely to read and do math at grade level, graduate high school, hold a job, form more stable families of their own.  We know this works.  So let’s do what works and make sure none of our children start the race of life already behind. Let’s give our kids that chance.

Let’s also make sure that a high school diploma puts our kids on a path to a good job.  Right now, countries like Germany focus on graduating their high school students with the equivalent of a technical degree from one of our community colleges.  So those German kids, they're ready for a job when they graduate high school.  They've been trained for the jobs that are there.  Now at schools like P-Tech in Brooklyn, a collaboration between New York Public Schools and City University of New York and IBM, students will graduate with a high school diploma and an associate's degree in computers or engineering.

We need to give every American student opportunities like this.

And four years ago, we started Race to the Top -- a competition that convinced almost every state to develop smarter curricula and higher standards, all for about 1 percent of what we spend on education each year.  Tonight, I’m announcing a new challenge to redesign America’s high schools so they better equip graduates for the demands of a high-tech economy.  And we’ll reward schools that develop new partnerships with colleges and employers, and create classes that focus on science, technology, engineering and math -- the skills today’s employers are looking for to fill the jobs that are there right now and will be there in the future.

Now, even with better high schools, most young people will need some higher education.  It’s a simple fact the more education you’ve got, the more likely you are to have a good job and work your way into the middle class.  But today, skyrocketing costs price too many young people out of a higher education, or saddle them with unsustainable debt.

Through tax credits, grants and better loans, we’ve made college more affordable for millions of students and families over the last few years.  But taxpayers can’t keep on subsidizing higher and higher and higher costs for higher education.  Colleges must do their part to keep costs down, and it’s our job to make sure that they do.

So tonight, I ask Congress to change the Higher Education Act so that affordability and value are included in determining which colleges receive certain types of federal aid.  And tomorrow, my administration will release a new “College Scorecard” that parents and students can use to compare schools based on a simple criteria -- where you can get the most bang for your educational buck.

Now, to grow our middle class, our citizens have to have access to the education and training that today’s jobs require.  But we also have to make sure that America remains a place where everyone who’s willing to work -- everybody who’s willing to work hard has the chance to get ahead.

Our economy is stronger when we harness the talents and ingenuity of striving, hopeful immigrants.  And right now, leaders from the business, labor, law enforcement, faith communities -- they all agree that the time has come to pass comprehensive immigration reform.  Now is the time to do it.  Now is the time to get it done.  Now is the time to get it done.

Real reform means strong border security, and we can build on the progress my administration has already made -- putting more boots on the Southern border than at any time in our history and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years.

Real reform means establishing a responsible pathway to earned citizenship -- a path that includes passing a background check, paying taxes and a meaningful penalty, learning English, and going to the back of the line behind the folks trying to come here legally.

And real reform means fixing the legal immigration system to cut waiting periods and attract the highly-skilled entrepreneurs and engineers that will help create jobs and grow our economy.

In other words, we know what needs to be done.  And as we speak, bipartisan groups in both chambers are working diligently to draft a bill, and I applaud their efforts.  So let’s get this done.  Send me a comprehensive immigration reform bill in the next few months, and I will sign it right away.  And America will be better for it.  Let’s get it done.  Let’s get it done.

But we can’t stop there.  We know our economy is stronger when our wives, our mothers, our daughters can live their lives free from discrimination in the workplace, and free from the fear of domestic violence.  Today, the Senate passed the Violence Against Women Act that Joe Biden originally wrote almost 20 years ago.  And I now urge the House to do the same.  Good job, Joe.  And I ask this Congress to declare that women should earn a living equal to their efforts, and finally pass the Paycheck Fairness Act this year.

We know our economy is stronger when we reward an honest day’s work with honest wages.  But today, a full-time worker making the minimum wage earns $14,500 a year.  Even with the tax relief we put in place, a family with two kids that earns the minimum wage still lives below the poverty line.  That’s wrong.  That’s why, since the last time this Congress raised the minimum wage, 19 states have chosen to bump theirs even higher.

Tonight, let’s declare that in the wealthiest nation on Earth, no one who works full-time should have to live in poverty, and raise the federal minimum wage to $9.00 an hour.  We should be able to get that done.

This single step would raise the incomes of millions of working families.  It could mean the difference between groceries or the food bank; rent or eviction; scraping by or finally getting ahead.  For businesses across the country, it would mean customers with more money in their pockets.  And a whole lot of folks out there would probably need less help from government.  In fact, working folks shouldn’t have to wait year after year for the minimum wage to go up while CEO pay has never been higher.  So here’s an idea that Governor Romney and I actually agreed on last year -- let’s tie the minimum wage to the cost of living, so that it finally becomes a wage you can live on.

Tonight, let’s also recognize that there are communities in this country where no matter how hard you work, it is virtually impossible to get ahead.  Factory towns decimated from years of plants packing up.  Inescapable pockets of poverty, urban and rural, where young adults are still fighting for their first job.  America is not a place where the chance of birth or circumstance should decide our destiny.  And that’s why we need to build new ladders of opportunity into the middle class for all who are willing to climb them.

Let’s offer incentives to companies that hire Americans who’ve got what it takes to fill that job opening, but have been out of work so long that no one will give them a chance anymore. Let’s put people back to work rebuilding vacant homes in run-down neighborhoods.  And this year, my administration will begin to partner with 20 of the hardest-hit towns in America to get these communities back on their feet.  We’ll work with local leaders to target resources at public safety, and education, and housing.

We’ll give new tax credits to businesses that hire and invest.  And we’ll work to strengthen families by removing the financial deterrents to marriage for low-income couples, and do more to encourage fatherhood -- because what makes you a man isn’t the ability to conceive a child; it’s having the courage to raise one.  And we want to encourage that.  We want to help that.

Stronger families.  Stronger communities.  A stronger America.  It is this kind of prosperity -- broad, shared, built on a thriving middle class -- that has always been the source of our progress at home.  It’s also the foundation of our power and influence throughout the world.

Tonight, we stand united in saluting the troops and civilians who sacrifice every day to protect us.  Because of them, we can say with confidence that America will complete its mission in Afghanistan and achieve our objective of defeating the core of al Qaeda.

Already, we have brought home 33,000 of our brave servicemen and women.  This spring, our forces will move into a support role, while Afghan security forces take the lead.  Tonight, I can announce that over the next year, another 34,000 American troops will come home from Afghanistan.  This drawdown will continue and by the end of next year, our war in Afghanistan will be over.

Beyond 2014, America’s commitment to a unified and sovereign Afghanistan will endure, but the nature of our commitment will change.  We're negotiating an agreement with the Afghan government that focuses on two missions -- training and equipping Afghan forces so that the country does not again slip into chaos, and counterterrorism efforts that allow us to pursue the remnants of al Qaeda and their affiliates.

Today, the organization that attacked us on 9/11 is a shadow of its former self.  It's true, different al Qaeda affiliates and extremist groups have emerged -- from the Arabian Peninsula to Africa.  The threat these groups pose is evolving.  But to meet this threat, we don’t need to send tens of thousands of our sons and daughters abroad or occupy other nations.  Instead, we'll need to help countries like Yemen, and Libya, and Somalia provide for their own security, and help allies who take the fight to terrorists, as we have in Mali.  And where necessary, through a range of capabilities, we will continue to take direct action against those terrorists who pose the gravest threat to Americans.

Now, as we do, we must enlist our values in the fight.  That's why my administration has worked tirelessly to forge a durable legal and policy framework to guide our counterterrorism efforts.  Throughout, we have kept Congress fully informed of our efforts.  I recognize that in our democracy, no one should just take my word for it that we’re doing things the right way.  So in the months ahead, I will continue to engage Congress to ensure not only that our targeting, detention and prosecution of terrorists remains consistent with our laws and system of checks and balances, but that our efforts are even more transparent to the American people and to the world.

Of course, our challenges don’t end with al Qaeda.  America will continue to lead the effort to prevent the spread of the world’s most dangerous weapons.  The regime in North Korea must know they will only achieve security and prosperity by meeting their international obligations.  Provocations of the sort we saw last night will only further isolate them, as we stand by our allies, strengthen our own missile defense and lead the world in taking firm action in response to these threats.

Likewise, the leaders of Iran must recognize that now is the time for a diplomatic solution, because a coalition stands united in demanding that they meet their obligations, and we will do what is necessary to prevent them from getting a nuclear weapon.

At the same time, we’ll engage Russia to seek further reductions in our nuclear arsenals, and continue leading the global effort to secure nuclear materials that could fall into the wrong hands -- because our ability to influence others depends on our willingness to lead and meet our obligations.

America must also face the rapidly growing threat from cyber-attacks.  Now, we know hackers steal people’s identities and infiltrate private emails.  We know foreign countries and companies swipe our corporate secrets.  Now our enemies are also seeking the ability to sabotage our power grid, our financial institutions, our air traffic control systems.  We cannot look back years from now and wonder why we did nothing in the face of real threats to our security and our economy.

And that’s why, earlier today, I signed a new executive order that will strengthen our cyber defenses by increasing information sharing, and developing standards to protect our national security, our jobs, and our privacy.

But now Congress must act as well, by passing legislation to give our government a greater capacity to secure our networks and deter attacks.  This is something we should be able to get done on a bipartisan basis.

Now, even as we protect our people, we should remember that today’s world presents not just dangers, not just threats, it presents opportunities.  To boost American exports, support American jobs and level the playing field in the growing markets of Asia, we intend to complete negotiations on a Trans-Pacific Partnership.  And tonight, I’m announcing that we will launch talks on a comprehensive Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership with the European Union -- because trade that is fair and free across the Atlantic supports millions of good-paying American jobs.

We also know that progress in the most impoverished parts of our world enriches us all -- not only because it creates new markets, more stable order in certain regions of the world, but also because it’s the right thing to do.  In many places, people live on little more than a dollar a day.  So the United States will join with our allies to eradicate such extreme poverty in the next two decades by connecting more people to the global economy; by empowering women; by giving our young and brightest minds new opportunities to serve, and helping communities to feed, and power, and educate themselves; by saving the world’s children from preventable deaths; and by realizing the promise of an AIDS-free generation, which is within our reach.

You see, America must remain a beacon to all who seek freedom during this period of historic change.  I saw the power of hope last year in Rangoon, in Burma, when Aung San Suu Kyi welcomed an American President into the home where she had been imprisoned for years; when thousands of Burmese lined the streets, waving American flags, including a man who said, “There is justice and law in the United States.  I want our country to be like that.”

In defense of freedom, we’ll remain the anchor of strong alliances from the Americas to Africa; from Europe to Asia.  In the Middle East, we will stand with citizens as they demand their universal rights, and support stable transitions to democracy.

We know the process will be messy, and we cannot presume to dictate the course of change in countries like Egypt, but we can -- and will -- insist on respect for the fundamental rights of all people.  We’ll keep the pressure on a Syrian regime that has murdered its own people, and support opposition leaders that respect the rights of every Syrian.  And we will stand steadfast with Israel in pursuit of security and a lasting peace.

These are the messages I'll deliver when I travel to the Middle East next month.  And all this work depends on the courage and sacrifice of those who serve in dangerous places at great personal risk –- our diplomats, our intelligence officers, and the men and women of the United States Armed Forces.  As long as I’m Commander-in-Chief, we will do whatever we must to protect those who serve their country abroad, and we will maintain the best military the world has ever known.

We'll invest in new capabilities, even as we reduce waste and wartime spending.  We will ensure equal treatment for all servicemembers, and equal benefits for their families -- gay and straight. We will draw upon the courage and skills of our sisters and daughters and moms, because women have proven under fire that they are ready for combat.

We will keep faith with our veterans, investing in world-class care, including mental health care, for our wounded warriors -- supporting our military families; giving our veterans the benefits and education and job opportunities that they have earned.  And I want to thank my wife, Michelle, and Dr. Jill Biden for their continued dedication to serving our military families as well as they have served us. Thank you, honey.  Thank you, Jill.

Defending our freedom, though, is not just the job of our military alone.  We must all do our part to make sure our God-given rights are protected here at home.  That includes one of the most fundamental right of a democracy:  the right to vote. When any American, no matter where they live or what their party, are denied that right because they can’t afford to wait for five or six or seven hours just to cast their ballot, we are betraying our ideals.

So tonight, I’m announcing a nonpartisan commission to improve the voting experience in America.  And it definitely needs improvement.  I’m asking two long-time experts in the field -- who, by the way, recently served as the top attorneys for my campaign and for Governor Romney’s campaign -- to lead it.  We can fix this, and we will.  The American people demand it, and so does our democracy.

Of course, what I’ve said tonight matters little if we don’t come together to protect our most precious resource:  our children.  It has been two months since Newtown.  I know this is not the first time this country has debated how to reduce gun violence.  But this time is different.  Overwhelming majorities of Americans -- Americans who believe in the Second Amendment -- have come together around common-sense reform, like background checks that will make it harder for criminals to get their hands on a gun.  Senators of both parties are working together on tough new laws to prevent anyone from buying guns for resale to criminals.  Police chiefs are asking our help to get weapons of war and massive ammunition magazines off our streets, because these police chiefs, they’re tired of seeing their guys and gals being outgunned.

Each of these proposals deserves a vote in Congress.  Now, if you want to vote no, that’s your choice.  But these proposals deserve a vote. Because in the two months since Newtown, more than a thousand birthdays, graduations, anniversaries have been stolen from our lives by a bullet from a gun -- more than a thousand.

One of those we lost was a young girl named Hadiya Pendleton.  She was 15 years old.  She loved Fig Newtons and lip gloss.  She was a majorette.  She was so good to her friends they all thought they were her best friend.  Just three weeks ago, she was here, in Washington, with her classmates, performing for her country at my inauguration.  And a week later, she was shot and killed in a Chicago park after school, just a mile away from my house.

Hadiya’s parents, Nate and Cleo, are in this chamber tonight, along with more than two dozen Americans whose lives have been torn apart by gun violence.  They deserve a vote.  They deserve a vote.  Gabby Giffords deserves a vote.  The families of Newtown deserve a vote.  The families of Aurora deserve a vote. The families of Oak Creek and Tucson and Blacksburg, and the countless other communities ripped open by gun violence –- they deserve a simple vote.  They deserve a simple vote.

Our actions will not prevent every senseless act of violence in this country.  In fact, no laws, no initiatives, no administrative acts will perfectly solve all the challenges I’ve outlined tonight.  But we were never sent here to be perfect.  We were sent here to make what difference we can, to secure this nation, expand opportunity, uphold our ideals through the hard, often frustrating, but absolutely necessary work of self-government.

We were sent here to look out for our fellow Americans the same way they look out for one another, every single day, usually without fanfare, all across this country.  We should follow their example.

We should follow the example of a New York City nurse named Menchu Sanchez.  When Hurricane Sandy plunged her hospital into darkness, she wasn’t thinking about how her own home was faring. Her mind was on the 20 precious newborns in her care and the rescue plan she devised that kept them all safe.

We should follow the example of a North Miami woman named Desiline Victor.  When Desiline arrived at her polling place, she was told the wait to vote might be six hours.  And as time ticked by, her concern was not with her tired body or aching feet, but whether folks like her would get to have their say.  And hour after hour, a throng of people stayed in line to support her -- because Desiline is 102 years old.  And they erupted in cheers when she finally put on a sticker that read, “I voted.”

We should follow the example of a police officer named Brian Murphy.  When a gunman opened fire on a Sikh temple in Wisconsin and Brian was the first to arrive, he did not consider his own safety.  He fought back until help arrived and ordered his fellow officers to protect the safety of the Americans worshiping inside, even as he lay bleeding from 12 bullet wounds.  And when asked how he did that, Brian said, “That’s just the way we’re made.”

That’s just the way we’re made.  We may do different jobs and wear different uniforms, and hold different views than the person beside us.  But as Americans, we all share the same proud title -- we are citizens.  It’s a word that doesn’t just describe our nationality or legal status.  It describes the way we’re made.  It describes what we believe.  It captures the enduring idea that this country only works when we accept certain obligations to one another and to future generations, that our rights are wrapped up in the rights of others; and that well into our third century as a nation, it remains the task of us all, as citizens of these United States, to be the authors of the next great chapter of our American story.

Thank you.  God bless you, and God bless these United States of America.

Hello, Newport News!  Well, it is good to see all of you here today. 

I want to thank your CEO, Mike Petters, for showing me around.  I usually don’t get a chance to hang out with nuclear submarines, especially submarines that my wife has sponsored.  So right there, that was worth the trip. 

But most importantly, it’s a great chance to see the incredible men and women who, every single day, are helping to keep America safe and are just the bedrock of this country’s manufacturing base.  Thank you to all of you.

I want to thank our outstanding Secretary of the Navy, Ray Mabus, who’s here.  There he is right there -- the good-looking guy over at the end.  I want to thank your Mayor, McKinley Price, who served this nation bravely in the U.S. Army.  I want to thank two outstanding Congressmen who care about this facility, care about Virginia and care about the country -- Congressman Bobby Scott is here -- and Congressman Scott Rigell is here as well.

Now, the reason I came here today, in addition to seeing just some incredible stuff -- it’s true, every time I come to these places, I don't know how you all do it.  It is just amazing work.  But the main reason I'm here is to call attention to the important work that you’re doing on behalf of the nation’s defense, and to let the American people know that this work, along with hundreds of thousands of jobs, are currently in jeopardy because of politics in Washington. 

In a few days, Congress might allow a series of immediate, painful, arbitrary budget cuts to take place -- known in Washington as the sequester.  Now, that's a pretty bad name -- sequester.  But the effects are even worse than the name.  Instead of cutting out the government spending we don’t need -- wasteful programs that don't work, special interest tax loopholes and tax breaks -- what the sequester does is it uses a meat cleaver approach to gut critical investments in things like education and national security and lifesaving medical research. 

And the impact of this policy won’t be felt overnight, but it will be real.  The sequester will weaken America’s economic recovery.  It will weaken our military readiness.  And it will weaken the basic services that the American people depend on every single day. 

Already, the uncertainty around these cuts is having an effect.  Companies are starting to prepare for layoff notices.  Families are preparing to cut back on expenses.  And the longer these cuts are in place, the greater the damage.

So here at Newport News Shipbuilding, you guys have made an enormous investment, because we've said in order to maintain the finest Navy that the world has ever known we've got to make sure that there is an orderly process whereby we are continually upgrading our ships, building new ships, maintaining our ships properly.  And these are some big ships.  So it’s expensive, and it’s complicated.  And you’ve got 5,000 suppliers all across the country, and you've got to have some certainty and some knowledge about how things are going to proceed over the long term for Mike and others to plan properly.
 
So you're rightly concerned.  Mike is properly concerned about the impact that these cuts will have on not just this company, but companies and small businesses from all 50 states that supply you with parts and equipment. 

Mike was telling me that you guys have already made a billion dollars’ worth of capital investment.  You've got half a billion dollars in training costs as you recruit and hire new people.  Well, those aren't commitments that you make lightly.  You've got to have the capacity to plan and have some certainty in terms of what it is that we're going to be doing.  And you know that if Congress can’t get together and plan our nation’s finances for the long term, that over time some of your jobs and businesses could be at risk. 

Over at the Norfolk Naval Station, the threat of these cuts has already forced the Navy to cancel the deployment, or delay the repair of certain aircraft carriers.  One that’s currently being built might not get finished.  Another carrier might not get started at all.  And that hurts your bottom line.  That hurts this community.
 
Because of these automatic cuts, about 90,000 Virginians who work for the Department of Defense would be forced to take unpaid leave from their jobs.  So that’s money out of their pockets, money out of their paychecks.  And then that means there’s going to be a ripple effect on thousands of other jobs and businesses and services throughout the Commonwealth, because if they don’t have money in their pockets or less money in their pockets, that means they're less able to afford to buy goods and services from other businesses.  So it's not just restricted to the defense industry.  

All told, the sequester could cost tens of thousands of jobs right here in Virginia.  But it doesn’t just stop there.  If the sequester goes into effect, more than 2,000 college students would lose their financial aid.  Early education like Head Start and Early Start would be eliminated for nearly 1,000 children, and around 18,000 fewer Virginians would get the skills and training they need to find a job.   

Across the country, these cuts will force federal prosecutors to close cases and potentially let criminals go.  Air traffic controllers and airport security will see cutbacks, and that could cause delays at airports across the country.  Tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids.  Hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings, including more than 3,500 children right here in Virginia. 

So these cuts are wrong.  They’re not smart.  They’re not fair.  They’re a self-inflicted wound that doesn’t have to happen.

Now, the reason that we're even thinking about the sequester is because people are rightly concerned about the deficit and the debt.  But there is a sensible way of doing things and there is a dumb way of doing things.  I mean, think about your own family.  Let's say that suddenly you've got a little less money coming in. Are you going to say, well, we'll cut out college tuition for the kid, we'll stop feeding the little guy over here, we won't pay our car note even though that means we can't get to work -- that’s not what you do, right? 

You step back and you say, what is it that's important -- our child's education, making sure they're healthy, making sure we can get to the job, keeping our house repaired?  And then you say, here are the things that aren't so important and you cut those out.  You prioritize, and you make smart decisions.  Well, we should be doing the same thing.   

Now, I’ve laid out a plan that details how we can pay down our deficit in a way that’s balanced and responsible.  We have the plan right on a website, the White House website.  Everybody can go see it.  It details exactly how we can cut programs that don't work, how we can raise money by closing loopholes that are only serving a few, as opposed to the average American. 

We detailed $930 billion in sensible spending cuts that we’re willing to make and $580 billion in wasteful tax loopholes and deductions that we’re willing to eliminate through tax reform. 

And what I've said is if the Republicans in Congress don’t like every detail of my proposal, which I don't expect them to, I’ve told them my door is open.  I am more than willing to negotiate.  I want to compromise.  There's no reason why we can't come together and find a sensible way to reduce the deficit over the long term without affecting vital services, without hurting families, without impacting outstanding facilities like this one and our national defense.  There's a way of doing this. 

And the fact is there are leaders in both parties throughout this country who want to do the same.  I've got to give Scott Rigell credit.  He is one of your Republican congressmen who’s with us here today -- and that's not always healthy for a Republican, being with me.  But the reason he’s doing it is because he knows it's important to you.  And he’s asked his colleagues in the House to consider closing tax loopholes instead of letting these automatic cuts go through.  He’s concerned about the deficit, and he’s more than prepared to make some really tough cuts, but he wants to do it in a smart way. 

Bobby Scott -- same thing.  Some of the cuts we've proposed, Bobby might not think are perfect, but he knows that we've got to make some tough decisions.  He just wants to make sure that you aren't the ones who are adversely impacted and that we're sharing the sacrifice in bringing down our deficit; we're not just dumping it on a few people and we're not doing it in a dumb way.

Senators like John McCain have made similar statements to what Scott said.  Your Republican Governor along with other governors around the country have said they want Congress to stop the sequester, to stop these cuts.  

But I just have to be honest with you.  There are too many Republicans in Congress right now who refuse to compromise even an inch when it comes to closing tax loopholes and special interest tax breaks.  And that's what's holding things up right now. 

Keep in mind, nobody is asking them to raise income tax rates.  All we’re asking is to consider closing tax loopholes and deductions that the Speaker of the House, John Boehner, said he was willing to do just a few months ago.  He said there were a bunch of loopholes and deductions you could close.  He said you could raise $800 billion, a trillion dollars by closing loopholes. 

Well, we're not even asking for that much.  All we're asking is that they close loopholes for the well-off and the well-connected -- for hedge fund managers, or oil companies, or corporate jet owners who are all doing very well and don’t need these tax loopholes -- so we can avoid laying off workers, or kicking kids off Head Start, or reducing financial aid for college students. 

I don’t think that’s too much to ask.  I do not think that is partisan.  The majority of the American people agree with me.  The majority of Newport News agrees with me.  We need to get this done.

But the choice is up to Congress.  Only Congress has the power to pass a law that stops these damaging cuts and replaces them with smart savings and tax reform.  And the second I get that bill on my desk, I will sign it into law.  But I've got to get Congress to pass it. 

None of us will get 100 percent of what we want.  Democrats, they've got to make some tough choices too. Democrats like me, we've said we're prepared to make some tough cuts and reforms, including to programs like Medicare.  But if we're willing to compromise, then Republicans in the House have to compromise as well.  That’s what democracy is about.  That’s what this country needs right now.

So let me just make one last point, by the way, for those of you who are following this.  Now, lately, some people have been saying, well, maybe we'll just give the President some flexibility.  He could make the cuts the way he wants and that way it won't be as damaging.  The problem is when you're cutting $85 billion in seven months, which represents over a 10-percent cut in the defense budget in seven months, there's no smart way to do that.  There's no smart way to do that.  You don't want to have to choose between, let's see, do I close funding for the disabled kid, or the poor kid?  Do I close this Navy shipyard or some other one?  When you're doing things in a way that's not smart, you can't gloss over the pain and the impact it's going to have on the economy.  

And the broader point is, Virginia, we can’t just cut our way to prosperity.  We can’t just cut our way to prosperity.  We can't ask seniors and working families like yours to shoulder the entire burden of deficit reduction while asking nothing more from the wealthiest and the most powerful.  We're not going to grow the middle class just by shifting the cost of health care or college onto families that are already struggling, or forcing communities to lay off more teachers or cops or firefighters or shipbuilders, and then folks who are doing really well don’t have to do anything more.  That’s not fair, and it's not good for the economy. 

And the other thing we've got to do is to stop having these crises manufactured every month.  It seems like -- I know you guys must get tired of it.  Didn’t we just solve this thing?  Now we've got another thing coming up?  I mean, think about if Mike Petters ran his business this way -- once every month or two there would be some crisis, and you wouldn’t be sure whether or not you were working or not.  Even if it got solved eventually or ultimately, it would be pretty discouraging on people.  You would be less productive.  Ships wouldn’t get built as fast.  You would waste money because you don’t know exactly what to expect.  Folks aren't sure, am I showing up to work today, or not? 

If it's not a good way to run a business, it's sure not a good way to run a country.

Now, all of you, the American people, you’ve worked too hard for too long rebuilding and digging our way out of the financial crisis back in 2007 and 2008 just to see Congress cause another one.  The greatest nation on Earth can't keep on conducting its business drifting from one crisis to the next. 

We've got to have a plan.  We've got to invest in our common future.  Our true north is a growing economy that creates good middle-class jobs; a country that provides its people with the skills they need to get those jobs and make sure that you're getting paid a decent wage for working hard so you can support your families.  That’s what we should be focused on right now.  Not weakening the economy.  Not laying people off.

That’s what we should be talking about in Washington.  And if you agree with me, I need you to make sure your voices are heard.  Let your leaders know what you expect of them.  Let them know what you believe.  Let them know that what this country was built on was a sense of obligation to not just each other but to future generations; that we've got to shoulder those obligations as one nation, and as one people. 

I was in a conversation with some of the governors from across the country yesterday and I told them, I said, I've run my last election.  Michelle is very happy about that.  I'm not interested in spin; I'm not interested in playing a blame game.  At this point, all I'm interested in is just solving problems.  All I'm interested in is making sure that when you get up early in the morning, and get to this ship at 5:30 in the morning, that you know if you do a good job and if you work hard and if you're making sure that all the parts to this incredible ship that you're building are where they need to be -- if you're doing what you do, then you can go home feeling satisfied, I did my job, I did my part, I can support my family, I can take pride in what I've done for this country. 

That’s all I want.  I want us to be able to look back five years from now, 10 years from now, and say we took care of our business and we put an end to some of these games that maybe, I guess, are entertaining for some but are hurting too many people. 

But in order for us to make that happen I'm going to need you.  The one thing about being President is, after four years you get pretty humble.  You’d think maybe you wouldn't, but actually you become more humble.  You realize what you don't know.  You realize all the mistakes you’ve made.  But you also realize you can't do things by yourself.  That's not how our system works.  You’ve got to have the help and the goodwill of Congress, and what that means is you’ve got to make sure that constituents of members of Congress are putting some pressure on them, making sure they’re doing the right thing, putting an end to some of these political games.

So I need you, Virginia, to keep up the pressure.  I need you to keep up the effort.  I need you to keep up the fight.  If you do, Congress will listen.  If you stand up and speak out, Congress will listen.  And together, we will unleash our true potential, and we'll remind the world just why it is the United States builds the greatest ships on Earth and is the greatest nation on Earth.

Thank you.  God bless you.  God bless the United States of America.

Mr. Speaker, Leader Reid, Leader McConnell, Leader Pelosi, Assistant Leader Clyburn; to the friends and family of Rosa Parks; to the distinguished guests who are gathered here today.

This morning, we celebrate a seamstress, slight in stature but mighty in courage.  She defied the odds, and she defied injustice.  She lived a life of activism, but also a life of dignity and grace.  And in a single moment, with the simplest of gestures, she helped change America -- and change the world.

Rosa Parks held no elected office.  She possessed no fortune; lived her life far from the formal seats of power.  And yet today, she takes her rightful place among those who’ve shaped this nation’s course.  I thank all those persons, in particular the members of the Congressional Black Caucus, both past and present, for making this moment possible.

A childhood friend once said about Mrs. Parks, “Nobody ever bossed Rosa around and got away with it.” That’s what an Alabama driver learned on December 1, 1955.  Twelve years earlier, he had kicked Mrs. Parks off his bus simply because she entered through the front door when the back door was too crowded.  He grabbed her sleeve and he pushed her off the bus.  It made her mad enough, she would recall, that she avoided riding his bus for a while. 

And when they met again that winter evening in 1955, Rosa Parks would not be pushed.  When the driver got up from his seat to insist that she give up hers, she would not be pushed.  When he threatened to have her arrested, she simply replied, “You may do that.”  And he did.

A few days later, Rosa Parks challenged her arrest.  A little-known pastor, new to town and only 26 years old, stood with her -- a man named Martin Luther King, Jr.  So did thousands of Montgomery, Alabama commuters.  They began a boycott -- teachers and laborers, clergy and domestics, through rain and cold and sweltering heat, day after day, week after week, month after month, walking miles if they had to, arranging carpools where they could, not thinking about the blisters on their feet, the weariness after a full day of work -- walking for respect, walking for freedom, driven by a solemn determination to affirm their God-given dignity. 

Three hundred and eighty-five days after Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat, the boycott ended.  Black men and women and children re-boarded the buses of Montgomery, newly desegregated, and sat in whatever seat happen to be open.  And with that victory, the entire edifice of segregation, like the ancient walls of Jericho, began to slowly come tumbling down.

It’s been often remarked that Rosa Parks’s activism didn’t begin on that bus.  Long before she made headlines, she had stood up for freedom, stood up for equality -- fighting for voting rights, rallying against discrimination in the criminal justice system, serving in the local chapter of the NAACP.  Her quiet leadership would continue long after she became an icon of the civil rights movement, working with Congressman Conyers to find homes for the homeless, preparing disadvantaged youth for a path to success, striving each day to right some wrong somewhere in this world. 

And yet our minds fasten on that single moment on the bus -- Ms. Parks alone in that seat, clutching her purse, staring out a window, waiting to be arrested.  That moment tells us something about how change happens, or doesn’t happen; the choices we make, or don’t make.  “For now we see through a glass, darkly,” Scripture says, and it’s true.  Whether out of inertia or selfishness, whether out of fear or a simple lack of moral imagination, we so often spend our lives as if in a fog, accepting injustice, rationalizing inequity, tolerating the intolerable. 

Like the bus driver, but also like the passengers on the bus, we see the way things are -- children hungry in a land of plenty, entire neighborhoods ravaged by violence, families hobbled by job loss or illness -- and we make excuses for inaction, and we say to ourselves, that's not my responsibility, there’s nothing I can do.

Rosa Parks tell us there’s always something we can do.  She tells us that we all have responsibilities, to ourselves and to one another.  She reminds us that this is how change happens -- not mainly through the exploits of the famous and the powerful, but through the countless acts of often anonymous courage and kindness and fellow feeling and responsibility that continually, stubbornly, expand our conception of justice -- our conception of what is possible. 

Rosa Parks’s singular act of disobedience launched a movement.  The tired feet of those who walked the dusty roads of Montgomery helped a nation see that to which it had once been blind.  It is because of these men and women that I stand here today.  It is because of them that our children grow up in a land more free and more fair; a land truer to its founding creed.

And that is why this statue belongs in this hall -- to remind us, no matter how humble or lofty our positions, just what it is that leadership requires; just what it is that citizenship requires.  Rosa Parks would have turned 100 years old this month. We do well by placing a statue of her here.  But we can do no greater honor to her memory than to carry forward the power of her principle and a courage born of conviction.

May God bless the memory of Rosa Parks.

And may God bless these United States of America.

Shalom!

Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Everybody, please have a seat. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you so much. Well, it is a great honor to be with you here in Jerusalem, and I’m so grateful for the welcome that I’ve received from the people of Israel. Thank you. I bring with me the support of the American people -- and the friendship that binds us together.

Over the last two days, I’ve reaffirmed the bonds between our countries with Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Peres. I’ve borne witness to the ancient history of the Jewish people at the Shrine of the Book, and I’ve seen Israel’s shining future in your scientists and your entrepreneurs. This is a nation of museums and patents, timeless holy sites and ground-breaking innovation. Only in Israel could you see the Dead Sea Scrolls and the place where the technology on board the Mars Rover originated at the same time.

But what I’ve most looked forward to is the ability to speak directly to you, the Israeli people -- especially so many young people who are here today -- to talk about the history that brought us here today, and the future that you will make in the years to come.

Now, I know that in Israel’s vibrant democracy, every word, every gesture is carefully scrutinized. But I want to clear something up just so you know -- any drama between me and my friend, Bibi, over the years was just a plot to create material for Eretz Nehederet. That’s the only thing that was going on. We just wanted to make sure the writers had good material.

I also know that I come to Israel on the eve of a sacred holiday -- the celebration of Passover. And that is where I would like to begin today.

Just a few days from now, Jews here in Israel and around the world will sit with family and friends at the Seder table, and celebrate with songs, wine and symbolic foods.  After enjoying Seders with family and friends in Chicago and on the campaign trail, I’m proud that I've now brought this tradition into the White House. I did so because I wanted my daughters to experience the Haggadah, and the story at the center of Passover that makes this time of year so powerful.
 
It’s a story of centuries of slavery, and years of wandering in the desert; a story of perseverance amidst persecution, and faith in God and the Torah. It’s a story about finding freedom in your own land. And for the Jewish people, this story is central to who you’ve become. But it’s also a story that holds within it the universal human experience, with all of its suffering, but also all of its salvation.

It’s a part of the three great religions -- Judaism, Christianity, and Islam -- that trace their origins to Abraham, and see Jerusalem as sacred. And it’s a story that’s inspired communities across the globe, including me and my fellow Americans.
 
In the United States -- a nation made up of people who crossed oceans to start anew -- we’re naturally drawn to the idea of finding freedom in our land. To African Americans, the story of the Exodus was perhaps the central story, the most powerful image about emerging from the grip of bondage to reach for liberty and human dignity -- a tale that was carried from slavery through the Civil Rights Movement into today.

For generations, this promise helped people weather poverty and persecution, while holding on to the hope that a better day was on the horizon. For me, personally, growing up in far-flung parts of the world and without firm roots, the story spoke to a yearning within every human being for a home.

Of course, even as we draw strength from the story of God’s will and His gift of freedom expressed on Passover, we also know that here on Earth we must bear our responsibilities in an imperfect world. That means accepting our measure of sacrifice and struggle, just like previous generations.  It means us working through generation after generation on behalf of that ideal of freedom.

As Dr. Martin Luther King said on the day before he was killed, “I may not get there with you. But I want you to know that we, as a people, will get to the promised land.” So just as Joshua carried on after Moses, the work goes on for all of you, the Joshua Generation, for justice and dignity; for opportunity and freedom.
 
For the Jewish people, the journey to the promise of the State of Israel wound through countless generations. It involved centuries of suffering and exile, prejudice and pogroms and even genocide. Through it all, the Jewish people sustained their unique identity and traditions, as well as a longing to return home. And while Jews achieved extraordinary success in many parts of the world, the dream of true freedom finally found its full expression in the Zionist idea -- to be a free people in your homeland.  That’s why I believe that Israel is rooted not just in history and tradition, but also in a simple and profound idea -- the idea that people deserve to be free in a land of their own.

Over the last 65 years, when Israel has been at its best, Israelis have demonstrated that responsibility does not end when you reach the promised land, it only begins.  And so Israel has been a refuge for the Diaspora -- welcoming Jews from Europe, from the former Soviet Union, from Ethiopia, from North Africa.

Israel has built a prosperous nation -- through kibbutzim that made the desert bloom, business that broadened the middle class, innovators who reached new frontiers, from the smallest microchip to the orbits of space.  Israel has established a thriving democracy, with a spirited civil society and proud political parties, and a tireless free press, and a lively public debate -- “lively” may even be an understatement.

And Israel has achieved all this even as it’s overcome relentless threats to its security -- through the courage of the Israel Defense Forces, and the citizenry that is so resilient in the face of terror.
 
This is the story of Israel. This is the work that has brought the dreams of so many generations to life. And every step of the way, Israel has built unbreakable bonds of friendship with my country, the United States of America.

Those ties began only 11 minutes after Israeli independence, when the United States was the first nation to recognize the State of Israel. As President Truman said in explaining his decision to recognize Israel, he said, “I believe it has a glorious future before it not just as another sovereign nation, but as an embodiment of the great ideals of our civilization.” And since then, we’ve built a friendship that advances our shared interests. 

Together, we share a commitment to security for our citizens and the stability of the Middle East and North Africa. Together, we share a focus on advancing economic growth around the globe, and strengthening the middle class within our own countries. Together, we share a stake in the success of democracy.
 
But the source of our friendship extends beyond mere interests, just as it has transcended political parties and individual leaders. America is a nation of immigrants. America is strengthened by diversity. America is enriched by faith.  We are governed not simply by men and women, but by laws. We're fueled by entrepreneurship and innovation, and we are defined by a democratic discourse that allows each generation to reimagine and renew our union once more. So in Israel, we see values that we share, even as we recognize what makes us different. That is an essential part of our bond. 
 
Now, I stand here today mindful that for both our nations, these are some complicated times. We have difficult issues to work through within our own countries, and we face dangers and upheaval around the world. And when I look at young people within the United States, I think about the choices that they must make in their lives to define who we'll be as a nation in this 21st century, particularly as we emerge from two wars and the worst recession since the Great Depression. But part of the reason I like talking to young people is because no matter how great the challenges are, their idealism, their energy, their ambition always gives me hope.

And I see the same spirit in the young people here today. I believe that you will shape our future. And given the ties between our countries, I believe your future is bound to ours.

No, no -- this is part of the lively debate that we talked about. This is good.  You know, I have to say we actually arranged for that, because it made me feel at home.  I wouldn’t feel comfortable if I didn't have at least one heckler.

I’d like to focus on how we -- and when I say "we," in particular young people -- can work together to make progress in three areas that will define our times -- security, peace and prosperity.

Let me begin with security. I'm proud that the security relationship between the United States and Israel has never been stronger. Never. More exercises between our militaries; more exchanges among our political and military and intelligence officials than ever before; the largest program to date to help you retain your qualitative military edge. These are the facts. These aren't my opinions, these are facts. But, to me, this is not simply measured on a balance sheet. I know that here, in Israel, security is something personal.

Here's what I think about when I consider these issues.  When I consider Israel’s security, I think about children like Osher Twito, who I met in Sderot -- children the same age as my own daughters who went to bed at night fearful that a rocket would land in their bedroom simply because of who they are and where they live.

That reality is why we’ve invested in the Iron Dome system to save countless lives -- because those children deserve to sleep better at night. That’s why we’ve made it clear, time and again, that Israel cannot accept rocket attacks from Gaza, and we have stood up for Israel’s right to defend itself. And that’s why Israel has a right to expect Hamas to renounce violence and recognize Israel’s right to exist.

When I think about Israel’s security, I think about five Israelis who boarded a bus in Bulgaria, who were blown up because of where they came from; robbed of the ability to live, and love, and raise families. That’s why every country that values justice should call Hizbollah what it truly is -- a terrorist organization. Because the world cannot tolerate an organization that murders innocent civilians, stockpiles rockets to shoot at cities, and supports the massacre of men and women and children in Syria right now.

The fact that Hizbollah’s ally -- the Assad regime -- has stockpiles of chemical weapons only heightens the urgency. We will continue to cooperate closely to guard against that danger. I’ve made it clear to Bashar al-Assad and all who follow his orders: We will not tolerate the use of chemical weapons against the Syrian people, or the transfer of those weapons to terrorists. The world is watching; we will hold you accountable.

The Syrian people have the right to be freed from the grip of a dictator who would rather kill his own people than relinquish power. Assad must go so that Syria’s future can begin. Because true stability in Syria depends upon establishing a government that is responsible to its people -- one that protects all communities within its borders, while making peace with countries beyond them.

These are the things I think about when I think about Israel’s security. When I consider Israel’s security, I also think about a people who have a living memory of the Holocaust, faced with the prospect of a nuclear-armed Iranian government that has called for Israel’s destruction. It’s no wonder Israelis view this as an existential threat.  But this is not simply a challenge for Israel -- it is a danger for the entire world, including the United States. A nuclear-armed Iran would raise the risk of nuclear terrorism. It would undermine the non-proliferation regime. It would spark an arms race in a volatile region. And it would embolden a government that has shown no respect for the rights of its own people or the responsibilities of nations.
 
That’s why America has built a coalition to increase the cost to Iran of failing to meet their obligations. The Iranian government is now under more pressure than ever before, and that pressure is increasing. It is isolated. Its economy is in dire straits. Its leadership is divided. And its position -- in the region, and the world -- has only grown weaker.

I do believe that all of us have an interest in resolving this issue peacefully. Strong and principled diplomacy is the best way to ensure that the Iranian government forsakes nuclear weapons. Peace is far more preferable to war. And the inevitable costs, the unintended consequences that would come with war means that we have to do everything we can to try to resolve this diplomatically. Because of the cooperation between our governments, we know that there remains time to pursue a diplomatic resolution. That’s what America will do, with clear eyes -- working with a world that’s united, and with the sense of urgency that’s required.

But Iran must know this time is not unlimited. And I’ve made the position of the United States of America clear: Iran must not get a nuclear weapon. This is not a danger that can be contained, and as President, I’ve said all options are on the table for achieving our objectives.  America will do what we must to prevent a nuclear-armed Iran.

For young Israelis, I know that these issues of security are rooted in an experience that is even more fundamental than the pressing threat of the day. You live in a neighborhood where many of your neighbors have rejected the right of your nation to exist. Your grandparents had to risk their lives and all that they had to make a place for themselves in this world. Your parents lived through war after war to ensure the survival of the Jewish state. Your children grow up knowing that people they’ve never met may hate them because of who they are, in a region that is full of turmoil and changing underneath your feet.
 
So that’s what I think about when Israel is faced with these challenges -- that sense of an Israel that is surrounded by many in this region who still reject it, and many in the world who refuse to accept it. And that’s why the security of the Jewish people in Israel is so important. It cannot be taken for granted.

But make no mistake -- those who adhere to the ideology of rejecting Israel’s right to exist, they might as well reject the earth beneath them or the sky above, because Israel is not going anywhere. And today, I want to tell you -- particularly the young people -- so that there's no mistake here, so long as there is a United States of America -- Atem lo levad. You are not alone.

The question is what kind of future Israel will look forward to. Israel is not going anywhere -- but especially for the young people in this audience, the question is what does its future hold? And that brings me to the subject of peace.

I know Israel has taken risks for peace.  Brave leaders -- Menachem Begin, Yitzhak Rabin -- reached treaties with two of your neighbors. You made credible proposals to the Palestinians at Annapolis. You withdrew from Gaza and Lebanon, and then faced terror and rockets. Across the region, you’ve extended a hand of friendship and all too often you’ve been confronted with rejection and, in some cases, the ugly reality of anti-Semitism. So I believe that the Israeli people do want peace, and I also understand why too many Israelis -- maybe an increasing number, maybe a lot of young people here today -- are skeptical that it can be achieved.

But today, Israel is at a crossroads. It can be tempting to put aside the frustrations and sacrifices that come with the pursuit of peace, particularly when Iron Dome repels rockets, barriers keep out suicide bombers. There's so many other pressing issues that demand your attention. And I know that only Israelis can make the fundamental decisions about your country’s future. I recognize that.

I also know, by the way, that not everyone in this hall will agree with what I have to say about peace. I recognize that there are those who are not simply skeptical about peace, but question its underlying premise, have a different vision for Israel's future. And that’s part of a democracy. That's part of the discourse between our two countries. I recognize that. But I also believe it's important to be open and honest, especially with your friends. I also believe that.

Politically, given the strong bipartisan support for Israel in America, the easiest thing for me to do would be to put this issue aside -- just express unconditional support for whatever Israel decides to do -- that would be the easiest political path. But I want you to know that I speak to you as a friend who is deeply concerned and committed to your future, and I ask you to consider three points.

First, peace is necessary. I believe that. I believe that peace is the only path to true security. You have the opportunity to be the generation that permanently secures the Zionist dream, or you can face a growing challenge to its future. Given the demographics west of the Jordan River, the only way for Israel to endure and thrive as a Jewish and democratic state is through the realization of an independent and viable Palestine. That is true.

There are other factors involved. Given the frustration in the international community about this conflict, Israel needs to reverse an undertow of isolation. And given the march of technology, the only way to truly protect the Israeli people over the long term is through the absence of war. Because no wall is high enough and no Iron Dome is strong enough or perfect enough to stop every enemy that is intent on doing so from inflicting harm.

And this truth is more pronounced given the changes sweeping the Arab world. I understand that with the uncertainty in the region -- people in the streets, changes in leadership, the rise of non-secular parties in politics -- it's tempting to turn inward, because the situation outside of Israel seems so chaotic. But this is precisely the time to respond to the wave of revolution with a resolve and commitment for peace. Because as more governments respond to popular will, the days when Israel could seek peace simply with a handful of autocratic leaders, those days are over.  Peace will have to be made among peoples, not just governments.

No one -- no single step can change overnight what lies in the hearts and minds of millions. No single step is going to erase years of history and propaganda. But progress with the Palestinians is a powerful way to begin, while sidelining extremists who thrive on conflict and thrive on division.  It would make a difference.

So peace is necessary. But peace is also just. Peace is also just. There is no question that Israel has faced Palestinian factions who turned to terror, leaders who missed historic opportunities. That is all true. And that’s why security must be at the center of any agreement. And there is no question that the only path to peace is through negotiations -- which is why, despite the criticism we’ve received, the United States will oppose unilateral efforts to bypass negotiations through the United Nations. It has to be done by the parties. But the Palestinian people’s right to self-determination, their right to justice, must also be recognized.

Put yourself in their shoes. Look at the world through their eyes. It is not fair that a Palestinian child cannot grow up in a state of their own. Living their entire lives with the presence of a foreign army that controls the movements not just of those young people but their parents, their grandparents, every single day. It’s not just when settler violence against Palestinians goes unpunished. It’s not right to prevent Palestinians from farming their lands; or restricting a student’s ability to move around the West Bank; or displace Palestinian families from their homes. Neither occupation nor expulsion is the answer. Just as Israelis built a state in their homeland, Palestinians have a right to be a free people in their own land.

I’m going off script here for a second, but before I came here, I met with a group of young Palestinians from the age of 15 to 22. And talking to them, they weren’t that different from my daughters. They weren’t that different from your daughters or sons.  I honestly believe that if any Israeli parent sat down with those kids, they’d say, I want these kids to succeed; I want them to prosper. I want them to have opportunities just like my kids do. I believe that’s what Israeli parents would want for these kids if they had a chance to listen to them and talk to them. I believe that.

Now, only you can determine what kind of democracy you will have. But remember that as you make these decisions, you will define not simply the future of your relationship with the Palestinians -- you will define the future of Israel as well.

As Ariel Sharon said -- I'm quoting him -- “It is impossible to have a Jewish democratic state, at the same time to control all of Eretz Israel.  If we insist on fulfilling the dream in its entirety, we are liable to lose it all.” Or, from a different perspective, I think of what the novelist David Grossman said shortly after losing his son, as he described the necessity of peace -- “A peace of no choice” he said, “must be approached with the same determination and creativity as one approaches a war of no choice.”

Now, Israel cannot be expected to negotiate with anyone who is dedicated to its destruction. But while I know you have had differences with the Palestinian Authority, I genuinely believe that you do have a true partner in President Abbas and Prime Minister Fayyad. I believe that.  And they have a track record to prove it. Over the last few years, they have built institutions and maintained security on the West Bank in ways that few could have imagined just a few years ago. So many Palestinians -- including young people -- have rejected violence as a means of achieving their aspirations.

There is an opportunity there, there’s a window -- which brings me to my third point:  Peace is possible.  It is possible.  I'm not saying it's guaranteed.  I can't even say that it is more likely than not.  But it is possible.  I know it doesn’t seem that way.  There are always going to be reasons to avoid risk.  There are costs for failure.  There will always be extremists who provide an excuse not to act. 

I know there must be something exhausting about endless talks about talks, and daily controversies, and just the grinding status quo. And I'm sure there's a temptation just to say, “Ah, enough. Let me focus on my small corner of the world and my family and my job and what I can control.” But it's possible.

Negotiations will be necessary, but there's little secret about where they must lead -- two states for two peoples. Two states for two peoples.

There will be differences about how to get there. There are going to be hard choices along the way. Arab states must adapt to a world that has changed. The days when they could condemn Israel to distract their people from a lack of opportunity, or government corruption or mismanagement -- those days need to be over. Now is the time for the Arab world to take steps toward normalizing relations with Israel.

Meanwhile, Palestinians must recognize that Israel will be a Jewish state and that Israelis have the right to insist upon their security. Israelis must recognize that continued settlement activity is counterproductive to the cause of peace, and that an independent Palestine must be viable with real borders that have to be drawn.

I’ve suggested principles on territory and security that I believe can be the basis for these talks. But for the moment, put aside the plans and the process. I ask you, instead, to think about what can be done to build trust between people.
 
Four years ago, I stood in Cairo in front of an audience of young people -- politically, religiously, they must seem a world away. But the things they want, they’re not so different from what the young people here want. They want the ability to make their own decisions and to get an education, get a good job; to worship God in their own way; to get married; to raise a family. The same is true of those young Palestinians that I met with this morning. The same is true for young Palestinians who yearn for a better life in Gaza. 
 
That's where peace begins -- not just in the plans of leaders, but in the hearts of people.  Not just in some carefully designed process, but in the daily connections -- that sense of empathy that takes place among those who live together in this land and in this sacred city of Jerusalem.

And let me say this as a politician -- I can promise you this, political leaders will never take risks if the people do not push them to take some risks. You must create the change that you want to see. Ordinary people can accomplish extraordinary things.   

I know this is possible. Look to the bridges being built in business and civil society by some of you here today. Look at the young people who’ve not yet learned a reason to mistrust, or those young people who’ve learned to overcome a legacy of mistrust that they inherited from their parents, because they simply recognize that we hold more hopes in common than fears that drive us apart. Your voices must be louder than those who would drown out hope. Your hopes must light the way forward.

Look to a future in which Jews and Muslims and Christians can all live in peace and greater prosperity in this Holy Land. Believe in that. And most of all, look to the future that you want for your own children -- a future in which a Jewish, democratic, vibrant state is protected and accepted for this time and for all time.

There will be many who say this change is not possible, but remember this -- Israel is the most powerful country in this region. Israel has the unshakeable support of the most powerful country in the world. Israel is not going anywhere. Israel has the wisdom to see the world as it is, but -- this is in your nature -- Israel also has the courage to see the world as it should be.

Ben Gurion once said, “In Israel, in order to be a realist you must believe in miracles.” Sometimes, the greatest miracle is recognizing that the world can change. That's a lesson that the world has learned from the Jewish people.
 
And that brings me to the final area that I'll focus on: prosperity, and Israel’s broader role in the world. I know that all the talk about security and peace can sometimes seem to dominate the headlines, but that's not where people live. And every day, even amidst the threats that you face, Israelis are defining themselves by the opportunities that you're creating.

Through talent and hard work, Israelis have put this small country at the forefront of the global economy.

Israelis understand the value of education and have produced 10 Nobel laureates.Israelis understand the power of invention, and your universities educate engineers and inventors. And that spirit has led to economic growth and human progress -- solar power and electric cars, bandages and prosthetic limbs that save lives, stem cell research and new drugs that treat disease, cell phones and computer technology that changed the way people around the world live.

So if people want to see the future of the world economy, they should look at Tel Aviv, home to hundreds of start-ups and research centers. Israelis are so active on social media that every day seemed to bring a different Facebook campaign about where I should give this speech.

That innovation is just as important to the relationship between the United States and Israel as our security cooperation. Our first free trade agreement in the world was reached with Israel, nearly three decades ago. Today the trade between our two countries is at $40 billion every year. More importantly, that partnership is creating new products and medical treatments; it’s pushing new frontiers of science and exploration.

That’s the kind of relationship that Israel should have -- and could have -- with every country in the world. Already, we see how that innovation could reshape this region.  There’s a program here in Jerusalem that brings together young Israelis and Palestinians to learn vital skills in technology and business. An Israeli and Palestinian have started a venture capital fund to finance Palestinian start-ups. Over 100 high-tech companies have found a home on the West Bank -- which speaks to the talent and entrepreneurial spirit of the Palestinian people.

One of the great ironies of what’s happening in the broader region is that so much of what people are yearning for -- education, entrepreneurship, the ability to start a business without paying a bribe, the ability to connect to the global economy -- those are things that can be found here in Israel. This should be a hub for thriving regional trade, and an engine for opportunity.

Israel is already a center for innovation that helps power the global economy. And I believe that all of that potential for prosperity can be enhanced with greater security, enhanced with lasting peace.

Here, in this small strip of land that has been the center of so much of the world’s history, so much triumph and so much tragedy, Israelis have built something that few could have imagined 65 years ago. Tomorrow, I will pay tribute to that history -- at the grave of Herzl, a man who had the foresight to see the future of the Jewish people had to be reconnected to their past; at the grave of Rabin, who understood that Israel’s victories in war had to be followed by the battles for peace; at Yad Vashem, where the world is reminded of the cloud of evil that can descend on the Jewish people and all of humanity if we ever fail to be vigilant.

We bear all that history on our shoulders. We carry all that history in our hearts.  Today, as we face the twilight of Israel’s founding generation, you -- the young people of Israel -- must now claim its future. It falls to you to write the next chapter in the great story of this great nation.

And as the President of a country that you can count on as your greatest friend -- I am confident that you can help us find the promise in the days that lie ahead.  And as a man who’s been inspired in my own life by that timeless calling within the Jewish experience -- tikkun olam -- I am hopeful that we can draw upon what’s best in ourselves to meet the challenges that will come; to win the battles for peace in the wake of so much war; and to do the work of repairing this world. That’s your job.  That’s my job.  That’s the task of all of us.

May God bless you. May God bless Israel. May God bless the United States of America.

Thank you.

Well, first of all, let me thank Dr. [Francis] Collins not just for the introduction but for his incredible leadership at NIH.  Those of you who know Francis also know that he’s quite a gifted singer and musician.  So I was asking whether he was going to be willing to sing the introduction -- and he declined.

But his leadership has been extraordinary.  And I’m glad I’ve been promoted Scientist-in-Chief.  Given my grades in physics, I’m not sure it’s deserving.  But I hold science in proper esteem, so maybe that gives me a little credit.

Today I’ve invited some of the smartest people in the country, some of the most imaginative and effective researchers in the country -- some very smart people to talk about the challenge that I issued in my State of the Union address:  to grow our economy, to create new jobs, to reignite a rising, thriving middle class by investing in one of our core strengths, and that’s American innovation.

Ideas are what power our economy.  It’s what sets us apart.  It’s what America has been all about.  We have been a nation of dreamers and risk-takers; people who see what nobody else sees sooner than anybody else sees it.  We do innovation better than anybody else -- and that makes our economy stronger.  When we invest in the best ideas before anybody else does, our businesses and our workers can make the best products and deliver the best services before anybody else.

And because of that incredible dynamism, we don’t just attract the best scientists or the best entrepreneurs -- we also continually invest in their success.  We support labs and universities to help them learn and explore.  And we fund grants to help them turn a dream into a reality.  And we have a patent system to protect their inventions.  And we offer loans to help them turn those inventions into successful businesses.

And the investments don’t always pay off.  But when they do, they change our lives in ways that we could never have imagined.  Computer chips and GPS technology, the Internet -- all these things grew out of government investments in basic research.  And sometimes, in fact, some of the best products and services spin off completely from unintended research that nobody expected to have certain applications. Businesses then used that technology to create countless new jobs.

So the founders of Google got their early support from the National Science Foundation.  The Apollo project that put a man on the moon also gave us eventually CAT scans.  And every dollar we spent to map the human genome has returned $140.00 to our economy -- $1.00 of investment, $140.00 in return.  Dr. Collins helped lead that genome effort, and that’s why we thought it was appropriate to have him here to announce the next great American project, and that’s what we're calling the BRAIN Initiative.

As humans, we can identify galaxies light years away, we can study particles smaller than an atom.  But we still haven’t unlocked the mystery of the three pounds of matter that sits between our ears.  But today, scientists possess the capability to study individual neurons and figure out the main functions of certain areas of the brain.  But a human brain contains almost 100 billion neurons making trillions of connections.  So Dr. Collins says it’s like listening to the strings section and trying to figure out what the whole orchestra sounds like.  So as a result, we’re still unable to cure diseases like Alzheimer’s or autism, or fully reverse the effects of a stroke.  And the most powerful computer in the world isn’t nearly as intuitive as the one we’re born with.

So there is this enormous mystery waiting to be unlocked, and the BRAIN Initiative will change that by giving scientists the tools they need to get a dynamic picture of the brain in action and better understand how we think and how we learn and how we remember.  And that knowledge could be -- will be -- transformative.

In the budget I will send to Congress next week, I will propose a significant investment by the National Institutes of Health, DARPA, and the National Science Foundation to help get this project off the ground.  I’m directing my Bioethics Commission to make sure all of the research is being done in a responsible way.  And we’re also partnering with the private sector, including leading companies and foundations and research institutions, to tap the nation’s brightest minds to help us reach our goal.

And of course, none of this will be easy.  If it was, we would already know everything there was about how the brain works, and presumably my life would be simpler here.  It could explain all kinds of things that go on in Washington.  We could prescribe something.

So it won't be easy.  But think about what we could do once we do crack this code.  Imagine if no family had to feel helpless watching a loved one disappear behind the mask of Parkinson’s or struggle in the grip of epilepsy.  Imagine if we could reverse traumatic brain injury or PTSD for our veterans who are coming home.  Imagine if someone with a prosthetic limb can now play the piano or throw a baseball as well as anybody else, because the wiring from the brain to that prosthetic is direct and triggered by what's already happening in the patient's mind.  What if computers could respond to our thoughts or our language barriers could come tumbling down.  Or if millions of Americans were suddenly finding new jobs in these fields -- jobs we haven’t even dreamt up yet -- because we chose to invest in this project.

That's the future we're imagining.  That's what we're hoping for.  That’s why the BRAIN Initiative is so absolutely important.  And that’s why it’s so important that we think about basic research generally as a driver of growth and that we replace the across-the-board budget cuts that are threatening to set us back before we even get started.  A few weeks ago, the directors of some of our national laboratories said that the sequester -- these arbitrary, across-the-board cuts that have gone into place -- are so severe, so poorly designed that they will hold back a generation of young scientists.

When our leading thinkers wonder if it still makes sense to encourage young people to get involved in science in the first place because they're not sure whether the research funding and the grants will be there to cultivate an entire new generation of scientists, that's something we should worry about.  We can’t afford to miss these opportunities while the rest of the world races ahead.  We have to seize them.  I don’t want the next job-creating discoveries to happen in China or India or Germany.  I want them to happen right here, in the United States of America.

And that's part of what this BRAIN Initiative is about.  That’s why we’re pursuing other “grand challenges” like making solar energy as cheap as coal or making electric vehicles as affordable as the ones that run on gas.  They’re ambitious goals, but they’re achievable.  And we’re encouraging companies and research universities and other organizations to get involved and help us make progress.

We have a chance to improve the lives of not just millions, but billions of people on this planet through the research that's done in this BRAIN Initiative alone.  But it's going to require a serious effort, a sustained effort.  And it’s going to require us as a country to embody and embrace that spirit of discovery that is what made America, America.

They year before I was born, an American company came out with one of the earliest mini-computers.  It was a revolutionary machine, didn't require its own air conditioning system.1  That was a big deal.  It took only one person to operate, but each computer was eight feet tall, weighed 1,200 pounds, and cost more than $100,000.  And today, most of the people in this room, including the person whose cell phone just rang -- have a far more powerful computer in their pocket.  Computers have become so small, so universal, so ubiquitous, most of us can't imagine life without them -- certainly, my kids can't.

And, as a consequence, millions of Americans work in fields that didn't exist before their parents were born.  Watson, the computer that won “Jeopardy,” is now being used in hospitals across the country to diagnose diseases like cancer.  That's how much progress has been made in my lifetime and in many of yours.  That's how fast we can move when we make the investments.

But we can't predict what that next big thing will be.  We don't know what life will be like 20 years from now, or 50 years, or 100 years down the road.  What we do know is if we keep investing in the most prominent, promising solutions to our toughest problems, then things will get better.

I don't want our children or grandchildren to look back on this day and wish we had done more to keep America at the cutting edge.  I want them to look back and be proud that we took some risks, that we seized this opportunity.  That's what the American story is about.  That's who we are.  That's why this BRAIN Initiative is so important.  And if we keep taking bold steps like the one we’re talking about to learn about the brain, then I’m confident America will continue to lead the world in the next frontiers of human understanding.  And all of you are going to help us get there.

So I’m very excited about this project.  Francis, let’s get to work.

God bless you and God bless the United States of America.

Thank you.

Well, it is wonderful to be back in Colorado.  It is wonderful to be back in Denver.  I want to thank Chief White for that introduction.  You’ve got some outstanding elected officials who are here today, and I want to acknowledge them.  First of all, a wonderful governor -- John Hickenlooper is here.  He’s here somewhere.  I know, because I just talked to him.  There he is.  Next to him an outstanding lieutenant governor, Joe Garcia.  One of the finest young senators in the country -- Michael Bennet is here.  Terrific members of the House of Representatives -- Ed Perlmutter -- and Dianna Degette.  And your own mayor, Michael Hancock, is here.

I want to say thank you to the Denver Police for having me here, and more importantly, for the outstanding work that all of you do each and every day to serve your communities and protect your citizens.

Before I came out here, I had a chance to sit down with some local law enforcement, Attorney General Holder, and some of the leaders I just mentioned, the wonderful mayor of Aurora who’s here, sportsmen, parents, loved ones of the victims of the shootings in Columbine and Aurora.  And we talked about what we can do to protect more of our citizens from gun violence.

And from the beginning of this effort, we’ve wanted law enforcement front and center in shaping this discussion and the reforms that emerge from it -- because law enforcement lives this every day.  Law enforcement are the first to see the terrible consequences of any kind of violence, certainly gun violence -- lives lost, families broken, communities that are changed forever.  They’re very often in the line of fire.  The law enforcement knows what works and what doesn’t, and so we wanted that experience and that advice.

And it was also important for us to hear from mayors like Steve Hogan, because he’s been on the front lines having to deal with these issues under incredibly sad circumstances.  And I’ve come to Denver today in particular because Colorado is proving a model of what’s possible.

It’s now been just over 100 days since the murder of 20 innocent children and six brave educators in Newtown, Connecticut -- an event that shocked this country and I think galvanized parents all across the country to say, we’ve got to do something more to protect our kids.  But consider this:  Over those 100 days or so, more than 100 times as many Americans have fallen victim to gun violence.  More than 2,000 of our fellow citizens, struck down, often because they were just going about their daily round.  They weren’t doing anything special.  Just doing what folks do every day -- shopping, going to school.  Every day that we wait to do something about it, even more of our fellow citizens are stolen from our lives by a bullet from a gun.

Now, the good news is Colorado has already chosen to do something about it.  Look, this is a state that has suffered the tragedy of two of the worst mass shootings in our history -- 14 years ago this month in Columbine, and just last year in Aurora.  But this is also a state that treasures its Second Amendment rights -- the state of proud hunters and sportsmen.  And, by the way, the Governor wanted me to remind everybody that there is outstanding elk hunting here in Colorado.  There’s a strong tradition of gun ownership that’s handed down from generation to generation, and it’s part of the fabric of people’s lives.  And they treat gun ownership with reverence and respect.

And so I’m here because I believe there doesn't have to be a conflict in reconciling these realities.  There doesn’t have to be a conflict between protecting our citizens and protecting our Second Amendment rights.  I’ve got stacks of letters in my office from proud gun owners, whether they’re for sport, or protection, or collection, who tell me how deeply they cherish their rights, don’t want them infringed upon, but they still want us to do something to stop the epidemic of gun violence.  And I appreciate every one of those letters.  And I’ve learned from them.

And I think that Colorado has shown that practical progress is possible thanks to the leadership of Governor Hickenlooper and some of the state legislators who are here today.  When I was talking to Steve, he mentioned that Aurora is very much a purple city.  It’s got a majority Republican city council; a majority of the state legislators are Democrat.  But they came together understanding that out of this tragedy there had to be something that made sense.  And so we’ve seen enacted tougher background checks that won’t infringe on the rights of responsible gun owners, but will help keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people.

Now, in January, just a few weeks after Newtown, I put forward a series of common-sense proposals along the same lines as what’s passed here in Colorado, to reduce gun violence and keep our kids safe.  In my State of the Union address, I urged Congress to give these proposals a vote.  And, by the way, before we even asked for a vote, I had already signed numerous executive orders doing what we could administratively to make sure that guns don't fall into the hands of the wrong people.

But what I said then is still true:  If we're really going to tackle this problem seriously, then we've got to get Congress to take the next step.  And as soon as next week, they will be voting.  As soon as next week, every senator will get to vote on whether or not we should require background checks for anyone who wants to purchase a gun.

Now, some say, well, we already have background checks.  And they're right.  Over the past 20 years, those background checks have kept more than 2 million dangerous people from buying a gun.  But the loopholes that currently exist in the law have allowed way too many criminals and folks who shouldn’t be getting guns -- it has allowed them to avoid background checks entirely.  That makes it harder for law enforcement to do its job.  It's not safe.  It's not smart.  And, by the way, it's not fair to responsible gun owners who are playing by the rules.

Now, understand, nobody is talking about creating an entirely new system.  We are simply talking about plugging holes, sealing a porous system that isn't working as well as it should.  If you want to buy a gun, whether it's from a licensed dealer or a private seller, you should at least have to pass a background check to show you're not a criminal or someone legally prohibited from buying on.  And that’s just common sense.

During our roundtable discussion with Governor Hickenlooper, who I know was in the midst of this passionate debate about the legislation here in Colorado, and some people said, well, background checks aren't going to stop everybody.  And the Governor was the first one to acknowledge, yes, they won't stop everybody, but as he pointed out, statistically, there are a whole bunch of folks who have been stopped.

As a consequence of background checks, law enforcement has been able to stop people who have been convicted of murder from getting a gun, people who are under restraining orders for having committed violent domestic abuse from getting a gun.  In a couple of cases the governor mentioned to me, law enforcement has actually been able to arrest people who came to pick up their gun -- because they were criminals, wanted.

So this does work.  And, by the way, if you’re selling a gun, wouldn’t you want to know who you’re selling it to?  Wouldn’t you want to know?  Wouldn’t you want in your conscience to know that the person you’re selling to isn’t going to commit a crime?

So these enhanced background checks won’t stop all gun crimes, but they will certainly help prevent some.  This is common sense.  And, by the way, most gun owners -- more than 80 percent -- agree this makes sense.  More than 70 percent of NRA members agree.  Ninety percent of the American people agree.  So there’s no reason we can’t do this unless politics is getting in the way.  There’s no reason we can’t do this.

As soon as next week, every senator will get a chance to vote on a proposal to help strengthen school safety and help people struggling with mental health problems get the treatment that they need.

As soon as next week, every senator will get to vote on whether or not we should crack down on folks who buy guns as part of a scheme to arm criminals.  That would keep more guns off the streets and out of the hands of people who are intent on doing harm.  And it would make life a whole lot easier and safer for the people behind me -- police officers.

Every senator will get a say on whether or not we should keep weapons of war and high-capacity ammunition magazines that facilitate mass killings off our streets.  The type of assault rifle used in Aurora, for example, when paired with a high-capacity magazine, has one purpose:  to pump out as many bullets as possible, as fast as possible.  It’s what allowed that gunman to shoot 70 people and kill 12 in a matter of a few minutes.  I don’t believe that weapons designed for theaters of war have a place in movie theaters.  Most Americans agree with that.

Most of these ideas are not controversial.  Right now, 90 percent of Americans -- 90 percent -- support background checks that will keep criminals and people who have been found to be a danger to themselves or others from buying a gun.  More than 80 percent of Republicans agree.  Most gun owners agree.  Think about it:  How often do 90 percent of Americans agree on anything?

And yet, there are already some senators back in Washington floating the idea that they might use obscure procedural stunts to prevent or delay any of these votes on reform.  Think about that.  They’re not just saying they’ll vote “no” on the proposal that most Americans support.  They’re saying they’ll do everything they can to avoid even allowing a vote on a proposal that the overwhelming majority of the American people support.  They’re saying your opinion doesn’t matter.

We knew from the beginning that change wouldn’t be easy.  And we knew that there would be powerful voices that would do everything they could to run out the clock, change the subject, ignore the majority of the American people.  We knew they’d try to make any progress collapse under the weight of fear and frustration, or maybe people would just stop paying attention.

The only way this time will be different is if the American people demand that this time it must be different -- that this time, we must do something to protect our communities and our kids.  We need parents, we need teachers, we need police officers, we need pastors, we need hunters and sportsmen, Americans of every background to say, we’ve suffered too much pain and care too much about our children to allow this to continue.  We’re not going to just wait for the next Newtown or the next Aurora before we act.  And I genuinely believe that’s what the overwhelming majority of Americans -- I don’t care what party they belong to -- that’s what they want.  They just want to see some progress.

It was interesting, during the conversation, a number of people talked about the trust issue.  Part of the reason it's so hard to get this done is because both sides of the debate sometimes don't listen to each other.  The people who take absolute positions on these issues, on both sides, sometimes aren't willing to concede even an inch of ground.

And so one of the questions we talked about was, how do you build trust?  How do you rebuild some trust?  And I told the story about two conversations I had.  The first conversation was when Michelle came back from doing some campaigning out in rural Iowa.  And we were sitting at dinner, and she had been to like a big county, a lot of driving out there, a lot of farmland.  And she said, if I was living out in a farm in Iowa, I'd probably want a gun, too.  If somebody just drives up into your driveway and you're not home -- you don't know who these people are and you don't know how long it's going to take for the sheriffs to respond.  I can see why you'd want some guns for protection.  That's one conversation.

I had another conversation just a couple of months ago with a mom from Chicago -- actually, Evanston, Illinois -- whose son had been killed in a random shooting.  And she said, you know, I hate it when people tell me that my son was shot because he was in the wrong place at the wrong time.  He was in the right place.  He was on his way to school.  He wasn't in the wrong place.  He was exactly where he was supposed to be.

Now, both those things are true.  And sometimes we're so divided between rural and urban, and folks whose hunting is part of their lives and folks whose only experience with guns is street crime.  And the two sides just talk past one another.  And more than anything, what I want to just emphasize is there are good people on both sides of this thing, but we have to be able to put ourselves in the other person's shoes.  If you're a hunter, if you're a sportsman -- if you have a gun in your house for protection -- you've got to understand what it feels like for that mom whose son was randomly shot.

And if you live in an urban area and you're worried about street crime, you've got to understand what it might be like if you grew out on a ranch and your dad had been taking you hunting all your life.  And we had a couple of sportsmen in our conversation today, and I thought one of them said something very important.  He said, all my experiences with guns have been positive, but I realize that for others, all their experiences about guns have been negative.  Well, that's a start, right?  If we start listening to each other, then we should be able to get something done that's constructive.  We should be able to get that done.

One last thing I’m going to mention is that during this conversation -- I hope you don't mind me quoting you, Joe.  Joe Garcia, I thought, also made an important point, and that is that the opponents of some of these common-sense laws have ginned up fears among responsible gun owners that have nothing to do with what’s being proposed and nothing to do with the facts, but feeds into this suspicion about government.

You hear some of these quotes:  “I need a gun to protect myself from the government.”  “We can't do background checks because the government is going to come take my guns away.”

Well, the government is us.  These officials are elected by you.  They are elected by you.  I am elected by you.  I am constrained, as they are constrained, by a system that our Founders put in place.  It’s a government of and by and for the people.

And so, surely, we can have a debate that's not based on the notion somehow that your elected representatives are trying to do something to you other than potentially prevent another group of families from grieving the way the families of Aurora or Newtown or Columbine have grieved.  We’ve got to get past some of the rhetoric that gets perpetuated that breaks down trust and is so over the top that it just shuts down all discussion.  And it’s important for all of us when we hear that kind of talk to say, hold on a second.  If there are any folks who are out there right now who are gun owners, and you’ve been hearing that somehow somebody is taking away your guns, get the facts.  We’re not proposing a gun registration system, we’re proposing background checks for criminals.

Don't just listen to what some advocates or folks who have an interest in this thing are saying.  Look at the actual legislation.  That's what happened here in Colorado.  And hopefully, if we know the facts and we’re listening to each other, then we can actually move forward.

And that’s what members of Congress need to hear from you.  Right now, members of Congress are at home in their districts.  Many of them are holding events where they can hear from their constituents.  So I'm asking anyone out there who is listening today, find out where your member of Congress stands on these issues.  If they're not part of the 90 percent of Americans who agree on background checks, then ask them why not.  Why wouldn’t you want to make it more difficult for a dangerous criminal to get his or her hands on a gun?  Why wouldn’t you want to close the loophole that allows too many criminals to buy a gun without even the simplest of background checks?  Why on Earth wouldn’t you want to make it easier rather than harder for law enforcement to do their job?

I know that some of the officers here today know what it's like to look into the eyes of a parent or a grandparent, a brother or a sister, or a spouse who has just lost a loved one to an act of violence.  Some of those families, by the way, are here today.  And as police officers, you know as well as anybody, there is no magic solution to prevent every bad thing from happening in the world.  You still suit up, you put on your badge, put yourself at risk every single day.  Every single day, you go to work and you try to do the best you can to protect the people you're sworn to protect and serve.  Well, how can the rest of us as citizens do anything less?

If there is just one step we can take to prevent more Americans from knowing the pain that some of the families who are here have known, don’t we have an obligation to try?  Don’t we have an obligation to try?  If these reforms keep one person from murdering dozens of innocent children or worshippers or moviegoers in a span of minutes, isn't it worth fighting for? I believe it is.  That’s why I'm going to keep on working.  I'm going to keep on giving it my best efforts.  But I'm going to need your help.

This is not easy.  And I'll be blunt -- a lot of members of Congress, this is tough for them.  Because those who are opposed to any form of legislation affecting guns, they're very well-organized and they're very well-financed.  But it can be done if enough voices are heard.

So I want to thank all the police officers who are here for giving their best efforts every single day.  I want to thank Governor Hickenlooper for his outstanding leadership.  I want to thank all the families who are here for your courage in being willing to take out of this tragedy something positive.  I want to thank the people of Colorado for coming together in sensible ways.  Let's see if we can get the whole country to do so.

Thank you, Denver.  God bless you.  And God bless the United States of America.

Good afternoon, everybody.  Earlier today, I was briefed by my homeland security team on the events in Boston. We’re continuing to monitor and respond to the situation as it unfolds.  And I’ve directed the full resources of the federal government1 to help state and local authorities protect our people, increase security around the United States as necessary, and investigate what happened.

The American people will say a prayer for Boston tonight.  And Michelle and I send our deepest thoughts and prayers to the families of the victims in the wake of this senseless loss.

We don’t yet have all the answers.  But we do know that multiple people have been wounded, some gravely, in explosions at the Boston Marathon.

I’ve spoken to FBI Director Mueller and Secretary of Homeland Security Napolitano, and they’re mobilizing the appropriate resources to investigate and to respond.

I’ve updated leaders of Congress in both parties, and we reaffirmed that on days like this there are no Republicans or Democrats -- we are Americans, united in concern for our fellow citizens.

I’ve also spoken with Governor Patrick and Mayor Menino, and made it clear that they have every single federal resource necessary to care for the victims and counsel the families.  And above all, I made clear to them that all Americans stand with the people of Boston.

Boston police, firefighters, and first responders as well as the National Guard responded heroically, and continue to do so as we speak.  It’s a reminder that so many Americans serve and sacrifice on our behalf every single day, without regard to their own safety, in dangerous and difficult circumstances.  And we salute all those who assisted in responding so quickly and professionally to this tragedy.

We still do not know who did this or why.  And people shouldn’t jump to conclusions before we have all the facts.  But make no mistake -- we will get to the bottom of this.  And we will find out who did this; we'll find out why they did this.  Any responsible individuals, any responsible groups will feel the full weight of justice.

Today is a holiday in Massachusetts -- Patriots’ Day.  It’s a day that celebrates the free and fiercely independent spirit that this great American city of Boston has reflected from the  earliest days of our nation.  And it’s a day that draws the world to Boston’s streets in a spirit of friendly competition.  Boston is a tough and resilient town.  So are its people.  I'm supremely confident that Bostonians will pull together, take care of each other, and move forward as one proud city.  And as they do, the American people will be with them every single step of the way.

You should anticipate that as we get more information, our teams will provide you briefings.  We're still in the investigation stage at this point.  But I just want to reiterate we will find out who did this and we will hold them accountable.

Thank you very much.

Good morning, everybody.  I've just been briefed by my national security team, including FBI Director Mueller, Attorney General Holder, Secretary Napolitano, and my Counterterrorism and Homeland Security Advisor Lisa Monaco, on the attacks in Boston.  We continue to mobilize and deploy all appropriate law enforcement resources to protect our citizens, and to investigate and to respond to this attack.

Obviously our first thoughts this morning are with the victims, their families, and the city of Boston.  We know that two explosions gravely wounded dozens of Americans, and took the lives of others, including a 8-year-old boy.

This was a heinous and cowardly act.  And given what we now know about what took place, the FBI is investigating it as an act of terrorism.  Any time bombs are used to target innocent civilians it is an act of terror.  What we don’t yet know, however, is who carried out this attack, or why; whether it was planned and executed by a terrorist organization, foreign or domestic, or was the act of a malevolent individual.  That's what we don't yet know.  And clearly, we’re at the beginning of our investigation.

It will take time to follow every lead and determine what happened.  But we will find out.  We will find whoever harmed our citizens and we will bring them to justice.

We also know this -- the American people refuse to be terrorized.  Because what the world saw yesterday in the aftermath of the explosions were stories of heroism and kindness, and generosity and love: Exhausted runners who kept running to the nearest hospital to give blood, and those who stayed to tend to the wounded, some tearing off their own clothes to make tourniquets.  The first responders who ran into the chaos to save lives.  The men and women who are still treating the wounded at some of the best hospitals in the world, and the medical students who hurried to help, saying “When we heard, we all came in.” The priests who opened their churches and ministered to the hurt and the fearful.  And the good people of Boston who opened their homes to the victims of this attack and those shaken by it.

So if you want to know who we are, what America is, how we respond to evil -- that’s it.  Selflessly.  Compassionately.  Unafraid.

In the coming days, we will pursue every effort to get to the bottom of what happened.  And we will continue to remain vigilant.  I’ve directed my administration to take appropriate security measures to protect the American people.  And this is a good time for all of us to remember that we all have a part to play in alerting authorities -- if you see something suspicious, speak up.

I have extraordinary confidence in the men and women of the FBI, the Boston Police Department, and the other agencies that responded so heroically and effectively in the aftermath of yesterday’s events.  I’m very grateful for the leadership of Governor Patrick and Mayor Menino. And I know that even as we protect our people and aggressively pursue this investigation, the people of Boston will continue to respond in the same proud and heroic way that they have thus far -- and their fellow Americans will be right there with them.

Thank you very much.  And you can expect further briefings from our law enforcement officials as the day goes on.  When we have more details, they will be disclosed.  What I’ve indicated to you is what we know now. We know it was bombs that were set off.  We know that obviously they did some severe damage.  We do not know who did them.  We do not know whether this was an act of an organization or an individual or individuals.  We don’t have a sense of motive yet.  So everything else at this point is speculation.  But as we receive more information, as the FBI has more information, as our out counterterrorism teams have more information, we will make sure to keep you and the American people posted.

Thank you very much, everybody.

A few months ago, in response to too many tragedies -- including the shootings of a United States Congresswoman, Gabby Giffords, who’s here today, and the murder of 20 innocent schoolchildren and their teachers -- this country took up the cause of protecting more of our people from gun violence.

Families that know unspeakable grief summoned the courage to petition their elected leaders -- not just to honor the memory of their children, but to protect the lives of all our children.  And a few minutes ago, a minority in the United States Senate decided it wasn’t worth it.  They blocked common-sense gun reforms even while these families looked on from the Senate gallery.

By now, it’s well known that 90 percent of the American people support universal background checks that make it harder for a dangerous person to buy a gun.  We’re talking about convicted felons, people convicted of domestic violence, people with a severe mental illness.  Ninety percent of Americans support that idea.  Most Americans think that's already the law.

And a few minutes ago, 90 percent of Democrats in the Senate just voted for that idea.  But it’s not going to happen because 90 percent of Republicans in the Senate just voted against that idea.

A majority of senators voted "yes" to protecting more of our citizens with smarter background checks.  But by this continuing distortion of Senate rules, a minority was able to block it from moving forward.

I’m going to speak plainly and honestly about what’s happened here because the American people are trying to figure out how can something have 90 percent support and yet not happen. We had a Democrat and a Republican -- both gun owners, both fierce defenders of our Second Amendment, with “A” grades from the NRA -- come together and worked together to write a common-sense compromise on background checks.  And I want to thank Joe Manchin and Pat Toomey for their courage in doing that.  That was not easy given their traditional strong support for Second Amendment rights.

As they said, nobody could honestly claim that the package they put together infringed on our Second Amendment rights.  All it did was extend the same background check rules that already apply to guns purchased from a dealer to guns purchased at gun shows or over the Internet.  So 60 percent of guns are already purchased through a background check system; this would have covered a lot of the guns that are currently outside that system.

Their legislation showed respect for gun owners, and it showed respect for the victims of gun violence.  And Gabby Giffords, by the way, is both -- she’s a gun owner and a victim of gun violence.  She is a Westerner and a moderate.  And she supports these background checks.

In fact, even the NRA used to support expanded background checks.  The current leader of the NRA used to support these background checks.  So while this compromise didn’t contain everything I wanted or everything that these families wanted, it did represent progress.  It represented moderation and common sense.  That’s why 90 percent of the American people supported it.

But instead of supporting this compromise, the gun lobby and its allies willfully lied about the bill.  They claimed that it would create some sort of "big brother" gun registry, even though the bill did the opposite.  This legislation, in fact, outlawed any registry.  Plain and simple, right there in the text.  But that didn’t matter.

And unfortunately, this pattern of spreading untruths about this legislation served a purpose, because those lies upset an intense minority of gun owners, and that in turn intimidated a lot of senators.  And I talked to several of these senators over the past few weeks, and they’re all good people.  I know all of them were shocked by tragedies like Newtown.  And I also understand that they come from states that are strongly pro-gun. And I have consistently said that there are regional differences when it comes to guns, and that both sides have to listen to each other.

But the fact is most of these senators could not offer any good reason why we wouldn’t want to make it harder for criminals and those with severe mental illnesses to buy a gun.  There were no coherent arguments as to why we wouldn’t do this.  It came down to politics -- the worry that that vocal minority of gun owners would come after them in future elections.  They worried that the gun lobby would spend a lot of money and paint them as anti-Second Amendment.

And obviously, a lot of Republicans had that fear, but Democrats had that fear, too.  And so they caved to the pressure, and they started looking for an excuse -- any excuse -- to vote "no."

One common argument I heard was that this legislation wouldn’t prevent all future massacres.  And that’s true.  As I said from the start, no single piece of legislation can stop every act of violence and evil.  We learned that tragically just two days ago.  But if action by Congress could have saved one person, one child, a few hundred, a few thousand -- if it could have prevented those people from losing their lives to gun violence in the future while preserving our Second Amendment rights, we had an obligation to try.

And this legislation met that test.  And too many senators failed theirs.

I've heard some say that blocking this step would be a victory.  And my question is, a victory for who?  A victory for what?  All that happened today was the preservation of the loophole that lets dangerous criminals buy guns without a background check.  That didn’t make our kids safer.  Victory for not doing something that 90 percent of Americans, 80 percent of Republicans, the vast majority of your constituents wanted to get done?  It begs the question, who are we here to represent?

I've heard folks say that having the families of victims lobby for this legislation was somehow misplaced.  "A prop," somebody called them.  "Emotional blackmail," some outlet said.  Are they serious?  Do we really think that thousands of families whose lives have been shattered by gun violence don’t have a right to weigh in on this issue?  Do we think their emotions, their loss is not relevant to this debate?

So all in all, this was a pretty shameful day for Washington.

But this effort is not over.  I want to make it clear to the American people we can still bring about meaningful changes that reduce gun violence, so long as the American people don’t give up on it.  Even without Congress, my administration will keep doing everything it can to protect more of our communities.  We’re going to address the barriers that prevent states from participating in the existing background check system.  We’re going to give law enforcement more information about lost and stolen guns so it can do its job.  We’re going to help to put in place emergency plans to protect our children in their schools.

But we can do more if Congress gets its act together.  And if this Congress refuses to listen to the American people and pass common-sense gun legislation, then the real impact is going to have to come from the voters.

To all the people who supported this legislation -- law enforcement and responsible gun owners, Democrats and Republicans, urban moms, rural hunters, whoever you are -- you need to let your representatives in Congress know that you are disappointed, and that if they don’t act this time, you will remember come election time.

To the wide majority of NRA households who supported this legislation, you need to let your leadership and lobbyists in Washington know they didn’t represent your views on this one.

The point is those who care deeply about preventing more and more gun violence will have to be as passionate, and as organized, and as vocal as those who blocked these common-sense steps to help keep our kids safe.  Ultimately, you outnumber those who argued the other way.  But they're better organized.  They're better financed.  They’ve been at it longer.  And they make sure to stay focused on this one issue during election time. And that's the reason why you can have something that 90 percent of Americans support and you can't get it through the Senate or the House of Representatives.

So to change Washington, you, the American people, are going to have to sustain some passion about this.  And when necessary, you’ve got to send the right people to Washington.  And that requires strength, and it requires persistence.

And that's the one thing that these families should have inspired in all of us.  I still don't know how they have been able to muster up the strength to do what they’ve doing over the last several weeks, last several months.

And I see this as just round one.  When Newtown happened, I met with these families and I spoke to the community, and I said, something must be different right now.  We’re going to have to change.  That's what the whole country said.  Everybody talked about how we were going to change something to make sure this didn't happen again, just like everybody talked about how we needed to do something after Aurora.  Everybody talked about we needed change something after Tucson.

And I’m assuming that the emotions that we’ve all felt since Newtown, the emotions that we’ve all felt since Tucson and Aurora and Chicago -- the pain we share with these families and families all across the country who’ve lost a loved one to gun violence -- I’m assuming that's not a temporary thing.  I’m assuming our expressions of grief and our commitment to do something different to prevent these things from happening are not empty words.

I believe we’re going to be able to get this done. Sooner or later, we are going to get this right. The memories of these children demand it.  And so do the American people.

Thank you very much, everybody.

Good evening, everybody.  Tonight our nation is in debt to the people of Boston and the people of Massachusetts.  After a vicious attack on their city, Bostonians responded with resolve and determination.  They did their part as citizens and partners in this investigation.

Boston police and state police and local police across the Commonwealth of Massachusetts responded with professionalism and bravery over five long days.  And tonight, because of their determined efforts, we've closed an important chapter in this tragedy.

I've been briefed earlier this evening by FBI Director Mueller.  After the attacks on Monday, I directed the full resources of the federal government to be made available to help state and local authorities in the investigation and to increase security as needed.  Over the past week, close coordination among federal, state, and local officials -- sharing information, moving swiftly to track down leads -- has been critical to this effort.

They all worked as they should, as a team.  And we are extremely grateful for that.  We owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to all our outstanding law enforcement professionals.  These men and women get up every day, they put on that uniform; they risk their lives to keep us safe -- and as this week showed, they don't always know what to expect.  So our thoughts are with those who were wounded in pursuit of the suspects and we pray for their full recovery.

We also send our prayers to the Collier family who grieve the loss of their son and brother, Sean.  "He was born to be a police officer," said his chief at MIT.  He was just 26 years old.  And as his family has said, he died bravely in the line of duty, doing what he committed his life to doing -- serving and protecting others.  So we're grateful to him.

Obviously, tonight there are still many unanswered questions.  Among them, why did young men who grew up and studied here, as part of our communities and our country, resort to such violence?  How did they plan and carry out these attacks, and did they receive any help?  The families of those killed so senselessly deserve answers.  The wounded, some of whom now have to learn how to stand and walk and live again, deserve answers.

And so I've instructed the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security and our intelligence community to continue to deploy all the necessary resources to support the investigation, to collect intelligence, and to protect our citizens.  We will determine what happened.  We will investigate any associations that these terrorists may have had.  And we'll continue to do whatever we have to do to keep our people safe.

One thing we do know is that whatever hateful agenda drove these men to such heinous acts will not -- cannot -- prevail.  Whatever they thought they could ultimately achieve, they've already failed.  They failed because the people of Boston refused to be intimidated.  They failed because, as Americans, we refused to be terrorized.  They failed because we will not waver from the character and the compassion and the values that define us as a country.  Nor will we break the bonds that hold us together as Americans.

That American spirit includes staying true to the unity and diversity that makes us strong -- like no other nation in the world.  In this age of instant reporting and tweets and blogs, there's a temptation to latch on to any bit of information, sometimes to jump to conclusions.  But when a tragedy like this happens, with public safety at risk and the stakes so high, it's important that we do this right.  That's why we have investigations.  That's why we relentlessly gather the facts.  That's why we have courts.  And that's why we take care not to rush to judgment -- not about the motivations of these individuals; certainly not about entire groups of people.

After all, one of the things that makes America the greatest nation on Earth, but also, one of the things that makes Boston such a great city, is that we welcome people from all around the world -- people of every faith, every ethnicity, from every corner of the globe.  So as we continue to learn more about why and how this tragedy happened, let's make sure that we sustain that spirit.

Tonight we think of all the wounded, still struggling to recover.  Certainly we think of Krystle Campbell.  We think of Lingzi Lu.  And we think of little Martin Richard.  Their lives reflected all the diversity and beauty of our country, and they were sharing the great American experience together.

Finally, let me say that even as so much attention has been focused on the tragic events in Boston, understandably, we've also seen a tight-knit community in Texas devastated by a terrible explosion.  And I want them to know that they are not forgotten.  Our thoughts, our prayers are with the people of West, Texas, where so many good people lost their lives; some lost their homes; many are injured; many are still missing.

I've talked to Governor Perry and Mayor Muska and I've pledged that the people of West will have the resources that they need to recover and rebuild.  And I want everybody in Texas to know that we will follow through with those commitments.

All in all, this has been a tough week.  But we've seen the character of our country once more.  And as President, I'm confident that we have the courage and the resilience and the spirit to overcome these challenges -- and to go forward, as one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

Thank you very much, everybody.

Hello, Boston! 

Scripture tells us to “run with endurance the race that is set before us.”  Run with endurance the race that is set before us. 

On Monday morning, the sun rose over Boston.  The sunlight glistened off the Statehouse dome.  In the Common and the Public Garden, spring was in bloom.  On this Patriot’s Day, like so many before, fans jumped onto the T to see the Sox at Fenway.  In Hopkinton, runners laced up their shoes and set out on a 26.2-mile test of dedication and grit and the human spirit.  And across this city, hundreds of thousands of Bostonians lined the streets -- to hand the runners cups of water and to cheer them on.

It was a beautiful day to be in Boston -- a day that explains why a poet once wrote that this town is not just a capital, not just a place.  Boston, he said, “is the perfect state of grace.”

And then, in an instant, the day’s beauty was shattered.  A celebration became a tragedy.  And so we come together to pray, and mourn, and measure our loss.   But we also come together today to reclaim that state of grace -- to reaffirm that the spirit of this city is undaunted, and the spirit of this country shall remain undimmed.

To Governor Patrick; Mayor Menino; Cardinal O’Malley and all the faith leaders who are here; Governors Romney, Swift, Weld and Dukakis; members of Congress; and most of all, the people of Boston and the families who’ve lost a piece of your heart.  We thank you for your leadership.  We thank you for your courage.  We thank you for your grace.

I’m here today on behalf of the American people with a simple message:  Every one of us has been touched by this attack on your beloved city.  Every one of us stands with you.

Because, after all, it’s our beloved city, too.  Boston may be your hometown, but we claim it, too.  It’s one of America’s iconic cities.  It’s one of the world’s great cities.  And one of the reasons the world knows Boston so well is that Boston opens its heart to the world.

Over successive generations, you’ve welcomed again and again new arrivals to our shores -- immigrants who constantly reinvigorated this city and this commonwealth and our nation.  Every fall, you welcome students from all across America and all across the globe, and every spring you graduate them back into the world -- a Boston diaspora that excels in every field of human endeavor.  Year after year, you welcome the greatest talents in the arts and science, research -- you welcome them to your concert halls and your hospitals and your laboratories to exchange ideas and insights that draw this world together.

And every third Monday in April, you welcome people from all around the world to the Hub for friendship and fellowship and healthy competition -- a gathering of men and women of every race and every religion, every shape and every size; a multitude represented by all those flags that flew over the finish line.

So whether folks come here to Boston for just a day, or they stay here for years, they leave with a piece of this town tucked firmly into their hearts.  So Boston is your hometown, but we claim it a little bit, too.

I know this because there’s a piece of Boston in me.  You welcomed me as a young law student across the river; welcomed Michelle, too.  You welcomed me during a convention when I was still a state senator and very few people could pronounce my name right.

Like you, Michelle and I have walked these streets.  Like you, we know these neighborhoods.  And like you, in this moment of grief, we join you in saying -- “Boston, you’re my home.”  For millions of us, what happened on Monday is personal.  It’s personal.

Today our prayers are with the Campbell family of Medford.  They're here today.  Their daughter, Krystle, was always smiling. Those who knew her said that with her red hair and her freckles and her ever-eager willingness to speak her mind, she was beautiful, sometimes she could be a little noisy, and everybody loved her for it.  She would have turned 30 next month.  As her mother said through her tears, “This doesn’t make any sense.” 

Our prayers are with the Lu family of China, who sent their daughter, Lingzi, to BU so that she could experience all this city has to offer.  She was a 23-year-old student, far from home. And in the heartache of her family and friends on both sides of a great ocean, we’re reminded of the humanity that we all share.

Our prayers are with the Richard family of Dorchester -- to Denise and their young daughter, Jane, as they fight to recover. And our hearts are broken for 8-year-old Martin -- with his big smile and bright eyes.  His last hours were as perfect as an 8-year-old boy could hope for -- with his family, eating ice cream at a sporting event.  And we’re left with two enduring images of this little boy -- forever smiling for his beloved Bruins, and forever expressing a wish he made on a blue poster board:  “No more hurting people.  Peace.”  

No more hurting people.  Peace.

Our prayers are with the injured -- so many wounded, some gravely.  From their beds, some are surely watching us gather here today.  And if you are, know this:  As you begin this long journey of recovery, your city is with you.  Your commonwealth is with you.  Your country is with you.  We will all be with you as you learn to stand and walk and, yes, run again.  Of that I have no doubt.  You will run again.  You will run again.

Because that’s what the people of Boston are made of.  Your resolve is the greatest rebuke to whoever committed this heinous act.  If they sought to intimidate us, to terrorize us, to shake us from those values that Deval described, the values that make us who we are, as Americans -- well, it should be pretty clear by now that they picked the wrong city to do it.  Not here in Boston.  Not here in Boston.

You’ve shown us, Boston, that in the face of evil, Americans will lift up what’s good.  In the face of cruelty, we will choose compassion.  In the face of those who would visit death upon innocents, we will choose to save and to comfort and to heal.  We’ll choose friendship.  We’ll choose love. 

Scripture teaches us, “God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and self-discipline.”  And that’s the spirit you’ve displayed in recent days. 

When doctors and nurses, police and firefighters and EMTs and Guardsmen run towards explosions to treat the wounded -- that’s discipline. 

When exhausted runners, including our troops and veterans -- who never expected to see such carnage on the streets back home -- become first responders themselves, tending to the injured -- that’s real power. 

When Bostonians carry victims in their arms, deliver water and blankets, line up to give blood, open their homes to total strangers, give them rides back to reunite with their families -- that’s love.

That’s the message we send to those who carried this out and anyone who would do harm to our people.  Yes, we will find you.  And, yes, you will face justice.  We will find you. We will hold you accountable.  But more than that; our fidelity to our way of life -- to our free and open society -- will only grow stronger.  For God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but one of power and love and self-discipline.

Like Bill Iffrig, 78 years old -- the runner in the orange tank top who we all saw get knocked down by the blast -- we may be momentarily knocked off our feet, but we’ll pick ourselves up. We’ll keep going.  We will finish the race.  In the words of Dick Hoyt, who’s pushed his disabled son, Rick, in 31 Boston Marathons -- “We can’t let something like this stop us.”  This doesn’t stop us.

And that’s what you’ve taught us, Boston.  That’s what you’ve reminded us -- to push on.  To persevere.  To not grow weary.  To not get faint.  Even when it hurts.  Even when our heart aches.  We summon the strength that maybe we didn’t even know we had, and we carry on.  We finish the race.  We finish the race.

And we do that because of who we are.  And we do that because we know that somewhere around the bend a stranger has a cup of water.  Around the bend, somebody is there to boost our spirits.  On that toughest mile, just when we think that we’ve hit a wall, someone will be there to cheer us on and pick us up if we fall.  We know that.

And that’s what the perpetrators of such senseless violence -- these small, stunted individuals who would destroy instead of build, and think somehow that makes them important -- that’s what they don’t understand.  Our faith in each other, our love for each other, our love for country, our common creed that cuts across whatever superficial differences there may be -- that is our power.  That’s our strength. 

That’s why a bomb can’t beat us.  That’s why we don’t hunker down.  That’s why we don’t cower in fear.  We carry on.  We race. We strive.  We build, and we work, and we love -- and we raise our kids to do the same.  And we come together to celebrate life, and to walk our cities, and to cheer for our teams.  When the Sox and Celtics and Patriots or Bruins are champions again -- to the chagrin of New York and Chicago fans -- the crowds will gather and watch a parade go down Boylston Street.

And this time next year, on the third Monday in April, the world will return to this great American city to run harder than ever, and to cheer even louder, for the 118th Boston Marathon.  Bet on it.

Tomorrow, the sun will rise over Boston.  Tomorrow, the sun will rise over this country that we love.  This special place.  This state of grace.

Scripture tells us to "run with endurance the race that is set before us."  As we do, may God hold close those who’ve been taken from us too soon.  May He comfort their families.  And may He continue to watch over these United States of America.

To President Bush and Mrs. Bush; to President Clinton and now-former Secretary Clinton; to President George H.W. Bush and Mrs. Bush; to President and Mrs. Carter; to current and former world leaders and all the distinguished guests here today: Michelle and I are honored to be with you to mark this historic occasion.

This is a Texas-sized party. And that’s worthy of what we’re here to do today: honor the life and legacy of the 43rd President of the United States, George W. Bush.

When all the living former Presidents are together, it’s also a -- a special day for our democracy. We’ve been called "the world’s most exclusive club" -- and we do have a pretty nice clubhouse. But the truth is, our club is more like a support group.

The last time we all got together was just before I took office -- and I needed that. Because as each of these leaders will tell you, no matter how much you may think you’re ready to assume the office of the presidency, it’s impossible to truly understand the nature of the job until it’s yours, until you’re sitting at that desk.

And that’s why every President gains a greater appreciation for all of those who served before them; for the leaders from both parties who've taken on the momentous challenges and felt the enormous weight of the nation on their shoulders. And for me, that appreciation very much extends to President Bush.

The first thing I found in that desk the day I took office was a -- a letter from George, and one that demonstrated his compassion and his generosity. For he knew that I would come to learn what he had learned -- that being President, above all, is a humbling job. There are moments where you make mistakes.

There are times where you wish you could turn back the clock. And what I know is true about President Bush, and I hope my successor will say about me, is that we love this country and we do our best.

Now, in the past, President Bush has said it’s impossible to pass judgment on his presidency while he’s still alive. So maybe this is a little bit premature. But even now, there are certain things that we know for certain.

We know about the son who was raised by two strong, loving parents in Midland, famous -- famously inheriting, as he says, "my daddy’s eyes and my mother’s mouth"; the young boy who once came home after a trip to a museum and proudly presented his horrified mother with a small dinosaur tailbone he had smuggled home in his pocket.

I’ll bet that went over great with Barbara.

We know about the young man who met the love of his life at a dinner party, ditching his plans to go to bed early and instead talking with the brilliant and charming Laura Welch late into the night.

We know about the father who raised two remarkable, caring, beautiful daughters, even after they tried to discourage him from running for President, saying, "Dad, you’re not as cool as you think you are." Mr. President, I can relate. And now we see President Bush, the grandfather, just beginning to spoil his brand-new granddaughter. 

So we know President Bush the man. And what President Clinton said is absolutely true -- to know the man is to like the man, because he’s comfortable in his own skin.  He knows who he is. He doesn’t put on any pretenses. He takes his job seriously, but he doesn’t take himself too seriously. He is a good man.

But we also know something about George Bush the leader. As we walk through this library, obviously we’re reminded of the incredible strength and resolve that came through that bullhorn as he stood amid the rubble and the ruins of Ground Zero, promising to deliver justice to those who had sought to destroy our way of life. 

We remember the compassion that he showed by leading the global fight against HIV/AIDS and malaria, helping to save millions of lives and reminding people in some of the poorest corners of the globe that America cares and that we’re here to help.

We remember his commitment to reaching across the aisle to unlikely allies like Ted Kennedy, because he believed that we had to reform our schools in ways that help every child learn, not just some; that we have to repair a broken immigration system; and that this progress is only possible when we do it together.

Seven years ago, President Bush restarted an important conversation by speaking with the American people about our history as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants. And even though comprehensive immigration reform has taken a little longer than any of us expected, I am hopeful that this year, with the help of Speaker Boehner and some of the senators and members of Congress who are here today, that we bring it home -- for our families, and our economy, and our security, and for this incredible country that we love. And if we do that, it will be in large part thanks to all the hard work of President George W. Bush.

And finally, a President bears no greater decision and no more solemn burden than serving as Commander-in-Chief of the greatest military that the world has ever known. As President Bush himself has said, "America must and will keep its word to the men and women who have given us so much." So even as we Americans may at times disagree on matters of foreign policy, we share a profound respect and reverence for the men and women of our military and their families. And we are united in our determination to comfort the families of the fallen and to care for those who wear the uniform of the United States.

On the flight back from Russia, after negotiating with Nikita Khrushchev at the height of the Cold War, President Kennedy's secretary found a small slip of paper on which the President had written a favorite saying: "I know there is a God. And I see a storm coming. If he has a place for me, I believe I am ready." 

No one can be completely ready for this office. But America needs leaders who are willing to face the storm head on, even as they pray for God's strength and wisdom so that they can do what they believe is right. And that’s what the leaders with whom I share this stage have all done. That’s what President George W. Bush chose to do. That’s why I'm honored to be part of today's celebration.

Mr. President, for your service, for your courage, for your sense of humor, and, most of all, for your love of country: Thank you very much.

From all the citizens of the United States of America, God bless you.

And God bless these United States.

Well thank you, Senator Cornyn, Governor Perry, President Starr, gathered dignitaries, the community of Baylor and Waco -- most of all, the family and the friends and neighbors of West, Texas.

I cannot match the power of the voices you just heard on that video. And no words adequately describe the courage that was displayed on that deadly night. What I can do is offer the love and support and prayers of the nation.

The Book of Psalms tells us:

For you, O God, have tested us; you have tried us. We went through fire and through water; yet you have brought us out to a place of abundance.

We went through fire and through water; yet you have brought us out to a place of abundance.1

For this state, and for our country, these have been trying and difficult days. We gather here in Texas to mourn the brave men who went through fire and all those who have been taken from us. We remain mindful of our fellow Americans in flooded states to the north who endure the high waters. We pray for those in Boston who have been tested, and the wounded whose greatest tests still lie ahead.

But know this: While the eyes of the world may have been fixed on places far away, our hearts have also been here in your time of tribulation. And even amidst such sorrow and so much pain, we recognize God’s abundance. We give thanks for the courage and the compassion and the incredible grace of the people of West.

We're grateful for Mayor Muska and Mayor Duncan, and all those who have shown such leadership during this tragedy. And to the families and neighbors grappling with unbearable loss, we are here to say, you are not alone. You are not forgotten. We may not all live here in Texas, but we're neighbors, too. We're Americans, too, and we stand with you, and we do not forget. And we'll be there even after the cameras leave and after the attention turns elsewhere. Your country will remain ever ready to help you recover and rebuild and reclaim your community.

Now until last week, I think it’s fair to say that few outside this state had ever heard of West. And I suspect that’s the way most people in West like it. Now, it is true that weary travelers, and now the wider world, know they can rely on the Czech Stop for a brief respite in the middle of a long stretch of highway. I want to say, by the way, all the former Presidents in Dallas send their thoughts and prayers, George W. and Laura Bush spoke longingly about the kolaches -- and the even better company, as they’ve driven through West. And what -- what they understood, and what all of you understand, is what makes West special is not the attention coming from far-flung places. What makes West special, what -- what puts it on the map is what makes it familiar: the people who live there; neighbors you can count on; places that haven’t changed; things that are solid and true and lasting.

Most of the people in West know everybody in West. Many of you are probably descended from some of those first settlers -- hardy immigrants who crossed an ocean and kept on going. So for you, there’s no such thing as a stranger. When someone's in need, you reach out to them and you support them and you do what it takes to help them carry on.

And that’s what happened last Wednesday, when a fire alarm sounded across a quiet Texas evening. As we’ve heard, the call went out to volunteers -- not professionals -- people who just love to serve, people who want to help their neighbors. A call went out to farmers and car salesmen and welders and funeral home directors; the city secretary and the mayor. It went out to folks who are tough enough and selfless enough to put in a full day’s work and then be ready for more.

And together, you answered the call. You dropped your schoolwork, left your families, jumped in fire trucks, and rushed to the flames. And when you got to the scene, you forgot fear and you fought that blaze as hard as you could, knowing the danger, buying time so others could escape.  And then, about 20 minutes after the first alarm, the earth shook, and the sky went dark -- and West changed forever.

Today our prayers are with the families of all who we’ve lost -- the proud sons and daughters of West whose memories will live on in our hearts.  Parents who loved their kids, and leaders who served their communities.  They were young and old, from different backgrounds and different walks of life.  A few were just going about their business.  An awful lot ran towards the scene of disaster trying to help.  One was described as the kind of guy whose phone was always ringing with folks in need of help -- help he always provided.  That’s just who these folks were.

Our thoughts are with those who face a long road -- the wounded, the heartbroken, the families who lost their homes and possessions in an instant.  They’re going to need their friends in West, but they’re also going to need their friends in Texas, and their friends all across this country.  They’ll still need you to answer that call.  They will need those things that are lasting and true.  For, as Scripture teaches us, "a friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for adversity."

To the people of West, just as we’ve seen the love you share in better times, as friends and brothers and sisters, these hard days have shown your ability to stand tall in times of unimaginable adversity.

You saw it in leaders like Mayor Muska, who lost close friends.  And you saw it in the hospital staff who spent the night treating people that they knew -- toiling through their tears as they did what had to be done.

We saw it in the folks who helped evacuate an entire nursing home, including one man who drove an elderly resident to safety and then came back to do it again, twice. 

We saw it in the people so generous that when the Red Cross set up a shelter for folks who couldn’t go back to their homes, not that many people showed up, because most had already been offered a place to stay with their friends and family and neighbors.

Complete strangers drove from hundreds of miles to donate supplies.  Firefighters from surrounding communities manned the stations so surviving volunteers could recover from their wounds.  Right here at Baylor, students stood in line for hours to give blood.  And a nearby school district opened its doors to the students who can’t go back to their classrooms, putting welcome signs on lockers and in the hallways.

So that's the thing about this tragedy.  This small town’s family is bigger now.  It extends beyond the boundaries of West.  And in the days ahead, this love and support will be more important than ever, because there will be moments of doubt and pain and the temptation to wonder how this community will ever fully recover.  And the families who have lost such remarkable men of the sort that we saw in that video, there are going to be times where they simply don't understand how this could have happened.

But today I see in the people of West, in your eyes, that what makes West special isn't going to go away.  And instead of changing who you are, this tragedy has simply revealed who you’ve always been.

It’s the courage of Deborah Sulak, who works as a cashier just around the corner from the fire station.  She said, “It’s going to be tough for the families.  But we’re going to rebound because we’re fighters.”  And that courage will bring West back.

It’s the love of Carla Ruiz, who used to live in West but now lives in Austin.  And last week, she drove all the way back.  “I had to be here,” she said.  “You have to be here for family.”  That love will keep West going.

It’s the faith of someone like Pastor John Crowder that will sustain the good people of West for as long as it takes.  His church was damaged in the explosion.  So on Sunday, the congregation assembled outside.  "What happened Wednesday was awful,” he told them.  “But God is bigger than all of this."  God is bigger than all of this and he is here with you in West.  He is bigger than all of this and he is here with you.

Going forward, it’s not just your town that needs your courage and your love and your faith.  America does, too.  We need towns where if you don’t know what your kids are up to, then chances are your neighbors do too, and they'll tell on those kids in a second.  America needs towns that holds fundraisers to help folks pay the medical bills and then take the time to drop off a home-cooked meal, because they know a family is under stress.  America needs communities where there’s always somebody to call if your car gets stuck or your house gets flooded.  We need people who so love their neighbors as themselves that they’re willing to lay down their lives for them.

America needs towns like West.  That’s what makes this country great, is towns like West.  "For you, O God, have tested us; you have tried us.  We went through fire and through water; yet you have brought us out to a place of abundance."

You have been tested, West.  You have been tried.  You have gone through fire.  But you are and always will be surrounded by an abundance of love.  You saw it in the voices on those videos.  You see it in the firefighters and first responders who are here.  All across America, people are praying for you and thinking of you.  And when they see the faces of those families, they understand that these are not strangers -- these are neighbors.  And that’s why we know that we will get through this. 

God bless West.

May God grant His peace on those that we’ve lost, His comfort to their families.

May He continue to bless this great state of Texas, and may He continue to bless these United States of America.

Good afternoon, everybody. I just finished speaking with Secretary Lew and senior officials at the Treasury Department to discuss the investigation into IRS personnel who improperly screened conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status. And I look forward to taking some questions at tomorrow’s press conference; but today I wanted to make sure to get out to all of you some information about what we’re doing about this, and where we go from here.

I’ve reviewed the Treasury Department watchdog’s report, and the misconduct that it uncovered is inexcusable. It’s inexcusable and Americans are right to be angry about it, and I am angry about it. I will not tolerate this kind of behavior in any agency, but especially in the IRS, given the power that it has and the reach that it has into all of our lives. And as I said earlier, it should not matter what political stripe you’re from; the fact of the matter is, is that the IRS has to operate with absolute integrity. The government generally has to conduct itself in a way that is true to the public trust. That’s especially true for the IRS.

So here’s what we’re going to do. First, we’re going to hold the responsible parties accountable. Yesterday I directed Secretary Lew to follow up on the IG audit to see how this happened and who is responsible, and to make sure that we understand all the facts. Today, Secretary Lew took the first step by requesting and accepting the resignation of the acting commissioner of the IRS, because given the controversy surrounding this audit, it’s important to institute new leadership that can help restore confidence going forward.

Second, we’re going to put in place new safeguards to make sure this kind of behavior cannot happen again. And I’ve directed Secretary Lew to ensure the IRS begins implementing the IG's recommendations right away.

Third, we will work with Congress as it performs its oversight role. And our Administration has to make sure that we are working hand in hand with Congress to get this thing fixed. Congress, Democrats, and Republicans owe it to the American people to treat that authority with the responsibility it deserves and in a way that doesn’t smack of politics or partisan agendas -- because I think one thing that you’ve seen is, across the board, everybody believes what happened in...as reported in the IG report is an outrage. The good news is it’s fixable; and it’s in everyone’s best interest to work together to fix it.

I’ll do everything in my power to make sure nothing like this happens again by holding the responsible parties accountable, by putting in place new checks and new safeguards, and going forward, by making sure that the law is applied as it should be -- in a fair and impartial way. And we’re going to have to make sure that the laws are clear so that we can have confidence that they are enforced in a fair and impartial way, and that there is not too much ambiguity surrounding these laws.

So that’s what I expect. That’s what the American people deserve. And that’s what we’re going to do.

Thank you very much.

Hello, Midshipmen!  Well, thank you, Governor O’Malley, for your kind introduction and the great support that Maryland gives this Academy.  To Secretary Mabus, Admiral Greenert, General Paxton -- thank you all for your incredible leadership of our extraordinary Navy and Marine Corps teams.

To Vice Admiral Miller, thank you for the outstanding work that you do.  To Captain Clark and all the faculty and staff; to the moms and dads who raised your sons and daughters to seek this life of service; to the local sponsor families who cared for them far from home; the members of the Class of 1963 -- veterans who’ve guided these midshipmen along the way -- today is also a tribute to your support and your patriotism.  And I know that the Class of 2013 joins me in saluting your service as well.

To the entire Brigade of Midshipmen -- you embody the highest virtues of this venerable institution.  And yet, I know that some of you at times have enjoyed yourselves at other local institutions like McGarvey’s and Armadillo’s.  But today is a day of celebration -- and also forgiveness.  And so, in keeping with tradition, I declare all midshipmen on restriction for minor conduct offenses are hereby absolved.  As always, Admiral Miller gets to decide what’s “minor.”  Some of these guys are laughing a little nervously about that.

Now, obviously, most of all, it is wonderful to be able to celebrate this incredible Class of 2013.  This has special meaning for me as well, because the United States Naval Academy was the very first service academy that I had the privilege to address as President.  On that spring day four years ago, most of you were still in high school, finishing your senior year, or at NAPS, finishing up prep school.  You were a little younger -- and I was, too.  You had your entire Naval Academy experience ahead of you; I was already getting chest bumps from the graduates of 2009.

Soon after, you came to the Yard -- and you got quite a welcome.  The joy of I-Day.  Wonderful haircuts.  Stylish eyeglasses.  And all that Plebe Year, if you got something wrong, your upperclassmen kindly corrected you -- at high volume, at very close range.  When Michelle brought our daughter Sasha here for a visit, she got a somewhat different reception.  She was just in elementary school, but it seemed like the Navy was already doing some recruiting -- because as she went through Bancroft Hall she came to one room and saw the name on the door -- “Sasha Obama, Class of 2023.”  So you never know.   

Today, each of you can take enormous pride, for you’ve met the mission of this Academy.  You’ve proven yourselves morally, living a concept of honor and integrity -- and this includes treating one another with respect and recognizing the strength of every member of your team.  You’re the most diverse class to graduate in Naval Academy history.  And among the many proud young women graduating today, 13 will serve on submarines.

You’ve proven yourselves mentally.  Now, I know that some think of this as just a small engineering school on the Severn.  You’ve not only met its rigorous standards, you’ve helped this Academy earn a new distinction -- the number-one public liberal arts school in America.

And you’ve proven yourselves physically -- a Herndon Climb of two minutes, five seconds.  Now that they put the grease back on, no one will ever match your time.  More importantly, last month I welcomed Coach Ken and the team back to the White House because you beat Air Force, you beat Army, and you brought the Commander-in-Chief’s trophy back to Annapolis.

So, Class of 2013, in your four years by the Bay, you’ve met every test before you.  And today is the day that you’ve been counting down to for so long.  You will take your oath.  Those boards and gold bars will be placed on your shoulders.  And as your Commander-in-Chief, I congratulate each of you on becoming our newest officers -- ensigns in the United States Navy, second lieutenants in the United States Marine Corps.  

And soon you will join the fleet.  You’ll lead Marines.  And just as you’ve changed over the past four years, so, too, have the challenges facing our military.  Before you arrived here, our nation was engaged in two wars, al Qaeda’s leadership was entrenched in their safe havens, many of our alliances were strained, and our nation’s standing in the world had suffered.  And over the past four years, we’ve strengthened our alliances and restored America’s image in the world. 

The war in Iraq is over and we welcomed our troops home.  Thanks to our brave personnel -- including our incredible Navy SEALs -- we delivered justice to Osama bin Laden.  In Afghanistan, the transition is underway, our troops are coming home, and by the end of next year our war in Afghanistan will come to an end.

And today, we salute all the Americans who made the ultimate sacrifice in these wars, including 18 graduates of this Academy. We honor them all, now and forever.

Yesterday, I spoke about the way forward in the fight to keep our country secure -- for even as we've decimated the al Qaeda leadership, we still face threats from al Qaeda affiliates and from individuals caught up in its ideology.  Even as we move beyond deploying large ground armies abroad, we still need to conduct precise, targeted strikes against terrorists before they kill our citizens.  And even as we stay vigilant in the face of terrorism and stay true to our Constitution and our values, we need to stay ready for the full range of threats -- from nations seeking weapons of mass destruction to cyber criminals seeking to unleash weapons of mass destruction.   

In these tough fiscal times, we also have to make hard choices at home, including in our Armed Forces.  But I want you all to know as you enter in what I know will be extraordinary years of service, let me say as clearly as I can -- the United States of America will always maintain our military superiority. And as your Commander-in-Chief, I’m going to keep fighting to give you the equipment and support required to meet the missions we ask of you, and also to make sure that you are getting the pay and the benefits and the support that you deserve.

I’ll keep fighting for the capabilities and technologies you need to prevail, and a shipbuilding plan that puts us on track to achieve a 300-ship fleet, with capabilities that exceed the power of the next dozen navies combined.

And I’ll keep fighting to end those foolish across-the-board budget cuts known as the sequester, which is threatening our readiness.  With deficits falling at the fastest rate in decades, it’s time for Congress to budget in a smarter way that protects middle-class priorities, preserves investments in our future, and keeps our military strong -- because we have the best-trained, best-led, best-equipped military in history, and I am determined to keep it that way, and Congress should be, too.

We need you to project power across the oceans, from the Pacific to the Persian Gulf -- 100 percent on watch.  We need you to partner with other navies and militaries, from Africa to the Americas.  We need you to respond with compassion in times of disaster, as when you helped respond to Hurricane Sandy.  And in all your work -- in your lifetime of service -- we need you to uphold the highest standards of integrity and character. 

With the time I have left -- and I know it’s a little wet, but the Superintendent told me that Marines and folks in the Navy don't mind a little water.

With the time I have left, that’s what I want to discuss today.  It’s no secret that in recent decades many Americans have lost confidence in many of the institutions that help shape our society and our democracy.  But I suggest to you today that institutions do not fail in a vacuum.  Institutions are made up of people, individuals.  And we’ve seen how the actions of a few can undermine the integrity of those institutions.

Every day, men and women of talent and skill work in the financial institutions that fund new businesses, and put new families -- put families in new homes and help students go to college.  But we’ve also seen how the misdeeds of some -- wild risk-taking or putting profits before people -- sparked a financial crisis and deepened the recession that cost millions of Americans their jobs.

Every day, elected officials like those on this stage, but also all across the nation, devote themselves to improving our communities and our country.  But all too often we’ve seen a politics where compromise is rejected as a dirty word, and policies are driven by special interests rather than the national interest.  And that breeds a cynicism that threatens our democracy.

Every day, our civil servants do their jobs with professionalism -- protecting our national security and delivering the services that so many Americans expect.  But as we’ve seen again in recent days, it only takes the misconduct of a few to further erode the people’s trust in their government.  That’s unacceptable to me, and I know it’s unacceptable to you.
  
And against this backdrop, what I said here four years ago remains true today:  Our military remains the most trusted institution in America.  When others have shirked their responsibilities, our Armed Forces have met every mission we’ve given them.  When others have been distracted by petty arguments, our men and women in uniform come together as one American team.

And yet, we must acknowledge that even here, even in our military, we’ve seen how the misconduct of some can have effects that ripple far and wide.  In our digital age, a single image from the battlefield of troops falling short of their standards can go viral and endanger our forces and undermine our efforts to achieve security and peace.  Likewise, those who commit sexual assault are not only committing a crime, they threaten the trust and discipline that make our military strong.  That’s why we have to be determined to stop these crimes, because they’ve got no place in the greatest military on Earth.

So, Class of 2013, I say all this because you’re about to assume the burden of leadership.  As officers, you will be trusted with the most awesome of responsibilities -- the lives of the men and women under your command.  And when your service is complete, many of you will go on to help lead your communities, America’s companies.  You will lead this country.  And if we want to restore the trust that the American people deserve to have in their institutions, all of us have to do our part.  And those of us in leadership -- myself included -- have to constantly strive to remain worthy of the public trust. 

As you go forward in your careers, we need you to carry forth the values that you’ve learned at this institution, because our nation needs them now more than ever.

We need your Honor -- that inner compass that guides you, not when the path is easy and obvious, but when it’s hard and uncertain; that tells you the difference between that which is right and that which is wrong.  Perhaps it will be a moment when you think nobody is watching.  But never forget that honor, like character, is what you do when nobody is looking.  More likely it will be when you’re in the spotlight, leading others --the men and women who are looking up to you to set an example.  Never ask them to do what you don’t ask of yourself.  Live with integrity and speak with honesty and take responsibility and demand accountability.
 
We need your Honor and we need your Courage -- yes, the daring that tells you to move toward danger when every fiber of your being says to turn the other way.  But even more than physical courage, we need your moral courage -- the strength to do what’s right, especially when it’s unpopular.  Because at the end of the day and at the end of your career, you want to look in the mirror and say with confidence and with pride, I fulfilled my oath; I did my duty; I stayed true to my values.

We need your Honor and Courage, and we need your Commitment -- that sense of purpose that says I will try even harder, I will do even better in what I expect of myself, in the way I interact with others, including those of different backgrounds.  It's no accident that our military is the most respected institution in America -- and one of the most diverse institutions in America.  So recognize the dignity in every human being.  Treat one another with respect.  Remember that when we harness the talents of every man and every woman from every race and every religion and every creed, no nation can ever match us.

And, finally, we need your Resolve -- the same spirit reflected in your class motto:  “Surrender to Nothing.”  If you seek an example, you don't need to look far, because not long ago, two midshipmen sat where you sat -- from the Class of 2006  -- and they inspire us today. 

Here at the Academy, Brad Snyder was the captain of the swim team.  He deployed to Afghanistan, and while rushing to the aid of his teammates, he stepped on an IED and lost both his eyes. With the support of family and friends, Brad learned to feel his way and move again.  And before long, he was back in the swimming pool, where he said “I’m free.”  Then, just one year later, Brad competed at the London Paralympics and won three medals, including two golds. 

And when Michelle and I welcomed our U.S. Olympians to the White House, Brad joined us -- standing tall, right in front.  And, he said, “Overcoming adversity is a decision.  You can let that beat you, or you can make the decision to move forward.”

Here at the Academy, Matt Lampert was on the rowing team.  He deployed to Afghanistan with his Marine special ops team.  And as they entered a compound, an IED exploded and Matt lost both his legs.  He endured a long and painful recovery.  But with his new legs, he learned to walk again.  He practiced, he trained, and then he passed his physical tests and deployed to Afghanistan again -- a double amputee, back in the fight. 

And Matt recently completed his tour.  He is back home and is looking ahead to many years of service.  Reflecting on his journey -- his mission to return to his unit -- he said he was determined, “however long it was going to take.”

So Class of 2013, I cannot promise you a life of comfort and ease, for you have chosen an ancient path -- the profession of arms -- which carries all the perils of our modern world.  And just as classes before you could not know that they would find themselves at Coral Sea or Midway or Fallujah or Helmand, we cannot know sitting here today where your service will carry you.

But I do know this.  As you say farewell to Bancroft Hall, as you make your way down Stribling Walk one last time, you’re becoming the newest link in a storied chain.  As I look into your eyes today, I see the same confidence and the same professionalism, the same fidelity to our values of those who’ve served before you -- the Jones and Nimitz and Lejeune and Burke, and, yes, the Snyder and the Lampert -- Americans who surrendered to nothing.

And I'm absolutely confident that you will uphold the highest of standards, and that your courage and honor and your commitment will see us through, and that you will always prove yourselves worthy of the trust our nation is placing in you today.

So, congratulations, Class of 2013.  God bless our Navy, and God bless our Marine Corps.  God bless our Armed Services.  God bless these United States of America.