creating an lstm...	
seeding with Hello everyone, I am Barack Obama	
--------------------------	
Hello everyone, I am Barack Obama. And the frustrations in America alone this policy has brought our faith. Steney and into a my idea is not fair to the people of Afghanistan.  So yet, let me be clear: When Cheoria,,

PRESIDENT OBAMA: Buck thanks to our people because -- community criminalism, all those objucts across America exploited sixty and more market then have been all this banks and innovation.

Only in the neighborhood will material for years for the schools of what's hard. But New York thanks, let a low generation, the founding, some venue of commitment to deficit on the direction of Great cooperation that states on the last time, no world and as matters -- to call their in this grief that is as well, and is not the most competitive infrastructure of scourge some dollars against it.

Now lead them not hope, and she was taking on No Ometory Cormers and National other born Afghan society, the closer Gax to add waste in ten American impossible schools; and they'ppordent fear sunder one hope, at tale to this moment to support this responsibility. But the world has been easy. This is that safe, not just wanter to every discoveries that may go forward together. Instead, we've inserable to retore conspition in terms of a whole school in this country. And freedom like God and us even young agreement around the year. This is the mistake of what we've badnesses how could face more complex jobs.  They're doing what happens by more than 200', Congress to scare people about short-term decisions of more their people and the promise hesely the country where we carry from the United States long as our bills for insurance compromise.

We will make the allies.  The world, it’s no dract with remembers of America.  That’s why this year, I think that we have sits here, the Pwoble Strategy. I'm see the nover down, we were pursuing their shoulders of careful families for an ease course that turns out killed in a trampling of our still in our foreign oil. We are exploited acknowledges."

Mh has spoken of a school regain born, the giving things that we plan to the system and has no more dath and in this economy.

For me all of us. 

Now, you no matter what’s turning the power to keep us both unity to completely the nation's voiles that other process that fellowed in American missions.

Now, we will some sacrifice him to somebody easiled by Affica and Constitution Hible Lobde, and any munding monuyent involvement. We won't face, teepared principle, but the support that if we take time to American government, on her carner doesn't coglize our capacity to wurk on only enough teaming.  So let's do in support poverty; a little of specific issues that achieved strong, responsible cape of an reform how to show the reforms with a smajle families who are basicist binds health care worried. It helps remove the time, and that, we something and said that this is always extraordinary man. And that's what the hosting officials in our factors, promise affordable life, so shaped the need for includes incomes. But that's what you got now. The games are these than ever before, it's also everywhere that a bank hardship for the challenges that the Truss, what the Suman detaines. And you know this:  Now, we are saying, we ensure, the arguments we potentially begin the new depression and schools, unapproached their society.  And by cotfives.

Why will have back the highest cost of how I'm loughed right now relooving it spending for every hour for terror. One year, the IAvad, has everybody with Iran's speech to understand that st the talent as is a new pretence.  Especially across the put in the world and you’ve true for Willen American because. Good morning – for this World, Bleaning Union."

To Force to scere here today.

Thank you, Michall is thank you. God bless you, and God bless the United States Convention to pay Bor another, innovative years, you're not diants, while rebuilding some countries are immediately when over the arresting banks realize that life is responsible.  But all of you got on the brinking bimbers. This members of Congress are haditive up for meligial Americans. It is a mountain about failure such not just to all astanding long-term investments in our founding students for competition.  The Sareth Footplace is back their distinguished with and reused to kill one diplomat, the nuclear weapon -- the story wy need to relate your or company and poverty in fact, back hit and more costrous action in the world's 20bak system, we think about what happened.  Michelle and Kenne, Macress meant in your family of him, Medicare Staff the single people aren’t demanding additional -- they celebrated.

If this is time to save perspective that can send me -- and they must be school in Makin -- Let and hard an experience of the roles for all the economy -- a construction war; a the second way that by overshalf the country of the spectrum.  My life choice must have to forge our points and a moment, the work of law that beloves or voicive incomes in world--- urcent or there would be born in the next this office have to rause hundreds of opportunity to fear the world, and they expect a century of rubble than Commander-in-Chiaf.  We also believe that there are consecutions that took a practical of the marketplace that lift a terrible responsibility. Back honored middle-class, affordable not only when I've get the prenciality has not perfect the division that does not get now; many in weishing immediate quartes, signing a experience crofsened fuirture risks and responses for jobs that they just want. Bill of all-town nations are strong. I don't said, "We'll provide striin self-suffering in humanitarian occupation dollars as well. As I said that we are in the years of Courage.

Now, the young people were going to think that we're proposing for say that Congress must be done in what we lose. Let's emerge in getting rolen.  And his factories, stood, when there, how and extend cost of the 20th century issues.  They're not Democratic or Helplin Samet Sharon to that business. I am.' I like a private belong with no way to I do hope.

Ald of every year after your faiths about what we're defirated.  And that's why someone's or the ground: something that you saw the source, and the campaign days again; Democrats in Afghanistan. And there was a just to improve service and security as a liver of the short-term education. We'll focus on linbouts from the instant instance that is also people who wanned to give war, and become imprisoning our ideals and kent.

With what specifically is successful in our national security and the volunteers and I will discuss with way to us others. I don’t know that let still be like that this right thing up against people and local countries nor are a abthat for the same people who have found that we are dismovering their traditional foundation care leaders, raying here in others, and the rules that braved Pakistan in this room or have treat traditions over what it will have the right to became their dreams.

After all, I increased sharled deeped ibans. That's why I've haven't made support, if we want to help view the bills who challenge our action.

But the good public in this institutions have made this country. This would move together to get a more just think of a government at every American. Is it can not to shape the success of the 15 years.

We will not impose her investments of languates that says that we need to do unity, and they will be a common security system -- many of you could -- between the Arab coants Farmers -- what so many of your Capolil Europe and don't in the world -- nove issue that I think that some of these cares that you cannot recognize that these stems in this vote, we will sugcest that opcoming neighbors here today. Thanks so making security. I am no responsibility because what the responsibility of South Carolina was doing on that America.

The college fellow Iffective threatcomminities and generations -- deductions that was spend people just like the wars of the Allied Coor in Father Hexbul. We've got to make sure that there are alse those advice-making markings and detining there only profits and gostons.  And our system is always nor. Al Qaeda has fifsolis instead of peaceful.  That's why you live and access this crisis in the sportfus. Now as we want.

Let me focus on a within this country spend.  Saxd, Crydi, old assumptions remember.

Thank you. Thank you.  The people: I sem in history.  The men and women who fight violence, student cores of this American, and the way threat to the health care in us, that's why we say up.

There is the fought no markets from the sense cereation that give savings erer’s faithful security. It has a staxs that Guantanamo is truly asked by bound by a land in the denied for all the dangerous coverage: We will hold advance our economy, and until how during the crigition, a common pulposives day because of yworghing failed security, among nations will allow our country in how to scient doctors of -- saw surely a legacy of the battle of liberty. And very saying how much some of you.

How has health care will be leadership in nuclear weapons, so I met it. The folks like foods is if can’t read is consultantly businesses and swaped agonds -- the ending terrorists with the pebple, effort to their boldly, volunties of our ability to spend growth. It's time to succeed in putting more people the loaps to their arms. Boverning more hard rights make sacrifices from the horror of our books, the legacy of the Clean Source to use you his easy office the oness demand this aging these economic growth and the planet for justice, we create a different girl in a thing that's going to do to you.  And all the same.  Today is a competitive corporation of new partnership.  It it taken a school is going to work like this number of this oruanies, and speak of the time in commitment.

And if we will.  So sound back the next American. But thank you, God bless you.

Thank you., Nearly Rumaca. So did you. And no more nuclear weapon still raised it. And this was not giving the tactics, every American for justice, is willing to understand what’s responsibility to a region and retarced on this country from perficializy steps to have. Because that's what we can.

Today there may seek down the recomministered these very outition of our nation over the world of community plan. I love our financial financial system that I've made us harddy to prevent a job who is together to look village. 

And he never move today, look forward, the future is not going to decide uncompetitude and new possible. It's how we are want for bet now but that is not something only that even understand that our attention was a confidence courage, on the world is recognizing that peace are transparent still, but know and low each cars.  They believe that we have understood the possibility of your own politics. I know if there are some of this zate, my Administration are ready to be able to different plants and careers and sacred full governments the images health care in Iraq, but as we spend with a faith; where the cut showing issues, critical in every parsher and class leadership, even when that fighting tax cut in our country is so proposal that we're going to face some financial system out of the person going from a single tan and that left on this plan. 

I will not study because the pocrets of our lives, back the public side; that in the world thing just was to work. We don't have a sacrificate commanded to sound security, procless system, and in Afghanistan.

In because it’s the last new day that you can fight there.  We must understand the health care, what victory is just the need and the economic growth shit of senting dewards.  In the most subjucation have go growth both in a bleod of sixty Afghan people, and while America. Our economy shared us against as successful than any employee. We're confidencity and foreign oil and affeeting support for this canser for their future.”  Now is the time to solve every day, a region that this state and Afghan people out of Iran’s taxpayer profits is a part of our public history as leadership. That's why, if not that for your country. Thank you. billions of more money should learn to the week, I want to home and in the world needs victory to build on a far whote education -- the governor that noged and private, pore over the nation and trouble spending. 

One that always agreed to affect this institution, that most of us have never put in investing in shared breakfasts, for power is sacrificed or bet septrance. But it is is that someone had ooting the reagon that since Forge North Korea, the resilience should be cooperated.  If you believe that our ceremony.

My competitive reductions, all by a housing debite.  I want to thank all this meching Diploma.

One of the challenges we all have true efforts and been to help our military their traditional involvement. We repeat, our promises churches with health care economic people to recognize, and that's no longer celebrating peace with a strong poment.

This is not business out there to take all American.

I're going to make the technology. It's the turn, what we will move in the beginning of our massive recolds -- from Mosma todical Social locks consumed Beiniship jobf to Smaka happen me for the first place by engige broadband partners -- that you can be renewed the end of the defense mind that the second pace that history is built on human beings.

Now is that the bouts this: 

As President, Americans for our math and government would do what we love, and that's why we're working with his financial system.  We have to work must be easy and recession afrord, and the answer of his new textion of fyer.

Their community partisans are all about 1994, for the public terms, but the medical respect that citizins of every commitment to adranship against whose rights to achieve about repression.

In a new trying to say that it centuries war. We are asking our most proportion to ourselves as we got by some arms for confidence in this family, bridges or our economy, seven children: Anter fual despite immigrants in the people so they needed their children.  It's here today, finally one another.

Coddy until in the House coverage of resources from the Constitution we defeated even and it is right. 

As I have set this buled to address that American many Iganian quality into loopholes, back no deficit than Georgia and Aurora is because of the least we are more; back to Televisa in this one.

We fought the presence and good and will occasionalize how they made and respect in schools -- commitment to community cutting credit to the case of to cut among.  As a complece, even though on to these progress, that will start harder for the insurance companies, stable trillions of education, but all the task of sacrifice, but for the many extending the protections, here in Iraq. Let me say that all of you all as you recosmen over.

President Thank you. Or My Prime Minister Public Bunch Legislatic Ordinary Concern that institutions have steal and it means, but because of more than 20 freedom, the opposition of domestic challenges, what followed an artreincial in more American. And so not might be remaining people to fully free our troops. That's what my comminment is on what we can’t afford to work.  In Afghanistan is a whole company; she was just "for the United States for me. What I just believe in us, our future can not time for responsibility to father with the world cannot have once again in gaoding esharity. I have a college long hand to change we all execute it.

Now, all across America, the national spirit of a part of the money and that Lewag order on the ERC Barcwith and muntil war, putting this extraordinary to the sequester -- not on a could very foundations; but if hard work, we will change for the President that has no brought toward my accountability competitive." But if you're just a putting most of the nation of your approach, and see cancer wars as they need to solve college and opportunity and infrastructure removed the civil to use Murlen's elicing on American people.  Unfordened responsivility -- as if every great day of this particular even sick as the dialegul rise of our economy.  But fear. As a colleague is that a great round dire to use what I think we mansemen sendly reforms where a government missive distribution of our financial sustainable, or a approach in their arma.

These are not well-with-a those focus without divided pressures.  I reported new advances the last foundation.  Lowerists or our troops signed that testing over the cancer. She did we acknowledge that generations have responded by Al Qaida, and save aversing accountability and design to huricy and your vote, but we have a pregrate child from both ones on a life and expectations of West, said, continuing us to make sure that the latory of the antions of workers fal control of our future. There is the enormous new ways to carry for all alliances.

Thank you.

First, ad experience a civil sight of the time when we go implement them about the world, where as well, at the global economy.  I can.

I know that we can't make hostilitations in the United States.

And this simple creates a ready for the three war, as I era the costs from aly of whether it's inaction -- at this country.

Report to you. So pinnations, this I know is contributed to the difference.  We'll ta country their now, as businesses dollar the enture in Sangi, Appropriate CEO to the world standing. I want to thank President Europeanz China, Him who generates for me to work, I'll just attack you.  She is with a few things ending everybody reality. By asks us to be republe on the worldists. And yet, additional stability is “change a young people out of it.

So here we must drive boond for the first time has been tto plicos, and that is the wealthiest best wealth than finally cremble of this power.

To let better people with a commitment to globalization, and spoke of all leaders like the corruption of our factory when we were frustrated and putiply health and use of American Soviet Economic. You know, a folks have been to not as a legislator signed by standing with the gurches of people and trade peril, civilians -- this one. But she’s been about the rights, Askley reduces this nation.

Above all, we have sometimes a create new legas in the future. To sovere anury of competition, and she saw our community.

At all-tears or the first time it has become the rugl. There are those of America -- as a single plan to deny rights.  "And how to do like; let me just get in more money with the student; we’ve got to make it about it.

Last year, we’ll win, where we are convicting our action.  So that is a gang friends like when we could lose significant community for necessary threats on the children. A day, we are mutting somewhich, but surplus and going home, paid us reach our own people.  We should adrark the most men and women into provide fiscal tower like options in this recession, and we know that looking to send on an urrecountified economy, organize that they're making a reality transition, or next year.  We're paid for here at the Wakion Sopter Vice President Bush and keep us, because he's turned off the most year had already complevened, Auro. And it's a led young and an every moment of engineers funding with these commissionrely for the need to spend their homes from the Alabamaha initiatives. But to clear that just as forces that do for those things off of a human being.

And I think that a daily Republican, sense, all of us whatsied our response, that the homeland that will make a job or avoid the headth of our markets so it must be patently boost.  For a during money. But do, we do here today, that to this an assistance that efficient that crisis, we can be done. And tonight, all of which succeeded is because we build only future generations.

I faced, time that sutced as up: There are no and a ordering money.  Whut the most to net destiny what's part of all those issues expects altogother the first recovery. 

It has always been stassed by this American program.  It says, avancated the insurance tested we will pass their land casas cannot have more than ; my traffic allies in all ago, not just roin that is a whole hospital of generations untook makers and strain, you’ve extenfive the proopers, and the time and abuse to churble in this job.

All across the world, ready the movement that we must succeed.

After factors into measure we can't afford to say that when a factory about the movement has you gone in a strike of remarkable and justice and leaders to a fact there with to the aid indo that European Loma Marching John McCain is at the blinch of the Republican.

because -- "I’m going to reach our seeing sovereignty, I lain agreement of this year know.  The deficit is going to be made of 2000 we saw to which the next cost of all of Iaraes began and on this financial support.  Just a face of a year to take hard prices and schools, the average of what will end America with the notion of the next world-year a threat purpose and that is that everyone's wrote success defeated. And I saw down crisis on our children. We just deserve the pocket of security is preserve so I report so different example. I came to the reason. Told religious governments that's procosing additional security there's a mis are no longer future. And you know, possible, this plan is through the jobs of the last side.

We see it that all that is she lived from power, the miran Reagon Andur, Faith is that breakthrough on Social Security Founding.

For our lifetimes have improved one of the idea, for the global coods refrected from the American people to its violence -- no one people, Camp of I wanted liberaley blind an energy should target scientists of the world. And we hold me of the profass of Gaorganes to do -- Moremain who used to United States Part of Muslims who is more money to work to build a war.

I don't absolve this issue to make nuclear weapons. And returned instead of his mission -- everybody partners. Because a test of communities and deficit and the every single one at this student excess about your health care costs for distinguished ix ourselves, more security, protecting them and we can't work.  And yet, you say what makes us I lose, we also know there is color, and we will say -- his plale that America is an bottom. But just healthy Inlimons and path is that General Brotwern making office is trapped in Tcostan Education. But we’ve been bestated companied. If a world day on do what has been acceptable.

I did not already truth.  I’ve reprased the streets of the global time, every dollar to the job or one tomorrow, but when if we shaped rights and more time sinceles could being additional health care begins and protecting our commitment in Afghanistan and Gasharich has innovation in war can be was when we make local critical moments.  They are living the hard work of the world as their friends and ethnicity.

This was the first tribute and there has been pain the security of the United States.

Now, we should work for a conwicience as well, and through Bankwuck, you coold 153.

Thank you, Congress to inform yours of America.

Thank you. Thank you.

God bless you, and God bless the United States for the outstanding al Qaeda.

Today, I am changing aride if we took office for the United States of America. Is the ancher that Jews is respected.  A persid on the American people for the business of her Therreey and Larry Roorevelt Commander-ton.  For when these choices reach refure to improce, and combat in a money while justia ivision days ahead of affering these most people so many Sides in the discussions of law trade for the number of fellow o, create prosperity. And we have to work buinding then high-secure the actions. We are hostily because it's best for the rule of the friend college for respect, all the government years, possible because it’s what counterterrorism hard winters are because our planet will create an emasment that niters.

There has provided a equal carzen of the pave of a representatives in Valley Fortes if Democrats, and Governor Hatrigan Black, can end the rest of the Recovery Act -- We are forever of my father. And when I affect individuals and parts with my life community based on best ideals left their doctor. That is the foundation of us, one between this Council.  Live no bin used miles needs development. This war one of the nations that African American competition is something up to domestic Republicans. And it will require me, and one of our economy at this day, but by this country for us, and the prosperous financial schools time, they need to an ensoriating more deficit jobs and commitment that to writer stability -- unless we take historic job not decided to stay to its allies.

But don't we take this compromise with future generations:

In a country, we saw this moment, the time he iesurance hard work and his country -- affordable conditions. And that finally there is only a lust on a porition, because there were often needed and countries to protect the law of their video.

A way will end this members of financial times after all the first world.   But today, as I still asked you around the world.  What was the moment is that everyone was doing down the pile of the plam turning, ends.  Some have involved those challenges put how narkey like Iraqi partnership when you argue that'w plainly -- the threats of this country, after the North Korea to President Will Strong and to confidence with a transition to weach.  I tried to attacked the problems -- which we are going to support less responsibility bridges grow that a defend of a savataon in the 21st century. In rose is united will to you'ne with a told of investment. We need to address the best biging of the choice in this country, the this arm that it was no malicatery. Thank you so much everything the last Inwers, that know, the Gzoral Support Bushed his sound was ahead.

There is no deficit by my administration.

I’m attacked fact this: 

If a few ways a very world is a very child scruling at our country.  There are more all instead of results and down their jobs, taking prosperity -- track of time they succeed: I make open different students of the zounded subject that four years, he may adven a good job or left that change, our state of this question in spending is the foundation of the revalues of jobs.  That's why I'm terrible to them when the security of the shonest while in pricaly, the sent memonish and strong shared dangers riching, or when we say they insist.  That's what this political appreciate all tores the responsible rights for Israel while brothers who are serving that Americans on a home economic provide.  And think for the challenges who get a spost story: learning, or are from policies in which actions realize that expression could put back our elections of 200bilism.

This she continued to respect as I passed my grandparents in our jobs not just she spayed to delicery signing and struggled not broad.  We’ll ensure that our children will know to carry the high of hateful national confidence in which Review on us and Summis or Dust -- our most of the poorest and produce down everybody something in our kids that not only said that it’s sure if we stand. It's a stranger -- is what those nations in the feels the investments in many femeral economy, it's twenting inyestable wads; cellbes ered, firefur bringing presexcounses of cooperation on a political policies have awaited the scientists of his organized progress. And in the grievates and the sports of the pocket.  The Iranian generations assumes one another from new. Aver formary recession, we also believe in within the military strive of the Spleatient Cailo I’ve seen -- even though we're going to make reform, from Pula of our businesses who asked the end of the Somy Gourm of Republican and State Fonces. So there's the devision of this nation who that regessively camb to the just without health care. They so did for his one without the status quo: “I can't heed a Senator Great Michelle Birtef Roosevelt and Russian refunds a deficit and anywhere in the full knowledge in your country that makes it back when you expect. And we also have to kill that living, he cat every sound of college, that's one of the time has hope, but I came to the sportless opposition of I'm conflict that we can't matter -- to turn a few years ago with the South Commissional Seditamo Conviction. I examine his previous kemends and simpling and families -- a certain justice; a chricism of individual hopes to serve the dollar of the Boston Revolution and Health standing. But our democracy -- soles, prosperity has last example.  They hund controls and the freedom of our new fleasing fireging us.  Back theore of American best and cirecity was the subject. Yes, we will own the writing of the case of word-hamping hand and prospers upon the liberty post of recovery.

This is why the way of as use of our own home.  I know you have to stand up to every men, it is a draw to address the job creation of fairs across the goal of the people of these doctors in my past terrorist war that does not control some.  This problem is reistry, I’m very offered that An orms are our jobs.  We're not simply more than 90 years ago, you make this responsibility. And this is our voice. A sense -- the hardest thing when we pursue -- even true of our economy. I so the same mission. We can't chlore the next men and women wither. What do, that’s going for a new people in the American people.

All those in its common security that create creed, and being this troops a result of this all people.

In the proper African course, we will charge every day. Al Qaeda and food could have been meaning with any love to simple security and our key use flowing. America showed what the United States is now future." Now, it’s the end. I’m it it off a stead; the toughest conspitance of security or the most premiums, and they're, insurance cutting process.  We must forge new gill to all to define the considerable institutions to reward smeltarm of the friendship. Thanks to day because you caps on early receeding our troops and a country the vowes, the status quo that the -- Americanism, calling for insurance -- our health care, doys with a dimectude.  Those firechings are coalaking about told rightfully, and I've endithen us to opennum to work on materialize comout, the greatest programs that American communities will do Dovasta along with back force for us to go an empower countries. And the American people have accutulanled a President woman from sustainable empire that, the greatest consequences mare a slarber teacher to those rights, and the chunce of border transformation, people's treasurity. Abroad. The seeging and for deficit of Ielitical than ever happened on the Amorical teams.

We'll find all prosperity with no jobs that have learned her family lived. But keep this country new and vote, Some of this great nation didn’t have lost very hope. It's taken out there.  And you could rear in America by right. But in responsible financial lawses is never been free up. We must provide competitive before.

In the most country, now as surrendered from Dom. So uccasional ares in this economic carbon abled and different. The steps to our troops not where they draw on while uphold efforts to poake in order to commit our people; and their people are sustained by a strategy to defend our sister, which in relative promise we she had raised defeat state and countries and countling generations of this resilience make new back for the 21st century well-movede. We reflect this values in value and immediate remarkable wars that bond our common purpose on the Sunation Wall Strate solution, but the hold -- that is what this business has sought an economy that our capacity cannot serve as their own cell plospe, I will not remy nation to finally less, the question we are learning. That's the reason today was the disability energy that the world because if we have the education that worthing up in performance.

I am convinced them a common success of its own decision-for a more stable. While we fulfilled that sovereignty values about federal fear. He recognized that a whole new job will reform precising one that -- their own lives are somehow I can't keep us waged. After all, I just made the community college, Wall Street math be different.

Today, I expect violations in our Ition, and palitical deserves. For the future we have the bright things for our hardships and troops and sacrifical growth to protecting our markets. If we must do impose the biggest of us, the progress for a health care.  If we should have a sense of mustard support of the West Bank and them you, shirt of our highest to excellence adjustments, one of the original Bestic and over fact, I can end about what we read for a story because they make of her some incentives to fund America's deploman. Now is the time to back our troops with it.

Our one people's presence will counter hope than for such a good climate chose.  And I’ve just in the reform that possessly here tonight, the years not just on once missent directors that complete as a place that we need to want to overcome it.  And this because that's what happening no putting security.

We're taking in the contentious good of threats at the toughest instruction. To identity an people who recognize mistakes, our money to get up together if families were skirry, but only every interest gap for it to achieve their future. Over treat program is from the white of the American people who will seek post-exacts where they're the human career, the fuel-efficient and certain power stauded embarking out of despite with party.  We will among restoring our nervous that live at it with resilience, policies other bad competitive being self-goess.

We do in a while we villate this world -- and it is my administration.  And stood in this moment will do just to work. As these are betuan universal tools that not fixing this place, bring down a right to region, and shut for right now.  Oy that lead everything to you chear citizens from all of you.  gut him in some destiny economic growth's jobs, you’re here to provide borders that still can get the sign and purture is going to understand that this, if it’s only alone, there’s a story that will step it.

Now, establishing the will alone our efforts to start the onis create I move to that moment because race, one another will also help it -- the safety the uniform are returned to through the proposals by Iraq by failure, or about their policies. And it is one of procets.  America will put it out achood for their partisanship to Iraq in the same crisis from curch pusy a job as a public accepts of a health care, our Republicans, roads.  Back the worrth of rationalization we choose.

I was, the Kural rarish, and receive at home.  The time for this flees as the American people could have already migrted between al Qaeda.  And she has come down -- and to Medicare and with clearly in the Fresh grates from the story; gangly the middle of men and women and the Polish lines and support to the community 5fficiency proud of three short?  It is not kids the star. And it was colding enough Armies of Buthis saw their new jobs on Afghanistan to bridge our defense, and to be since competitive brief to help them over I was a highly when the suspicion of the TRe people of Iraq.

In just wouldn't be reformed as they sit instead of as many reach the little project to dreams.  We seek to act about how do be perfect union and it all all go offering this country. When I'm not worlizing a global activity that most your bill you’ve hold some human beings to do.  You inholving a source of pain and services between a leading debate from the massive.

Now, the free rekermency of including about all short-term children. As President, President Malizian are debated along the taxpayers.  White people could not clean up on the grateful day of tylanny. This time, has also come tough us, with the world has come at commitment and this place that will wait the wident -- the person-to a Will dine, cap of White House and TIlaba Muses, proved. I believe a real with no one day to help service and decline what happens mudders that effeed the tests of many of you.

Mussime banks, but action that we expless.  Civil instead of Chansting shormous, in Washington that suffered history, a civil rights future sochety.  We can work with those who have already wasted nuclear weapons.

The typical financial markets of turns, the next agenda, that distrust gives all conscience together draving creed to this point? So that's what we most of you. I’ve done what something shared. And it is a home to provide taxpayers in rebuilding our problems, or a less accountability get from us all protections. And this law.

My burden is rightly constinued new stitules.  So he stand to work with me in developed jobs necessary to be down ungoted stocks that possible additional suppressions that dedactions the capacity of health care costs pernacled success, the celebration that entured out of more of our economy to a schools and founders who focus on a strong economy, no and develop-dating to wime social jobs in support of health care that we can go away.  But because there's successful.  For the use of was will exocution or again in its opportunities. But make no mistake: Like Ovan -- Fearally, in this choice we seek with our future. That's a hery, every child are responsibility to secure nuclear weapons, irresponsible ensuring fraternation. One Side, I also know that you ready to get 20th team.  And they’re the stories to create rights, and science we made a little person of abart in this country.

But at the room popular, we're proposing the struggled if we've grown greater management of relative place. But each terrifor is that down countries have first self-reforming a shared responsibility on the love of Congress. But there's working between the Nearchan Russia to cake on our commanders in so many government in a gay, which I understand the new American to economist that because you regulated the campaign and always ask the enormous compatien opportunity to work today.

We remember that it is by the bankry and equality and credib -- have on to forum to these years. We have a challenge, we were faith that the state of theel happened. 

But we must remember that far many Bleed and two decades ago will be right because everyone in America is, our markets, freedom, and Anghing Crime, I'm all possible, but scelers something -- who understands without this alvieance.  Remain the exprosion of that that his eracory would receive in an online effort, and for the mind of Right now to advance the world. A colleal abforce cost, or who's in mithin -- money have comprehensive wratictly to their lives graduate.

So it's important as our false rules. He taken out of their back a better research. For lives of people that refuse to look forward when "many families will also recognize that. There is one of those of you out, too often, we last year.  No ashallem is not this nation made a steop of companies like Madrec  Primary, so many more feepinness students on Advan, bosing as a struggle. N many years on the surmin, we have done what we were next week, when shomes deserve here from Senator World War Ifract, in standards his nation’s -- do we have a Perions and dispite. We know that the mission out of America will recognize that’s college and you nothing.

Second is problem. And is just leave the greatest leadership into a stoties hold for the insurance. 

I don’t want that businesses with our ideals that will be united."  Concretely them only rejenting America has met our college, even when over ordinary dependence on potential nuclear weapons are about the world. I also know that feel down summit cores legislation is waking about by criminis from the United States of America.

As we tell you to the growth.

During this campaign. Cetters have been been proposing from spirit that will be a lot of strongest five economy.

As it may take in which the importance, of how simply. I believe that we are here in four years, because I said we're going to work before the American people. It is the signed states of the formy of cotthows. We’re absolutely changing coming to a child of an end to future challenges in its allies.  we think that we ensure that facs and the recession of the early triality of the substantial hospital that you’ve not seen promise of 1 question by Carinela' , is not the right thing to dollar in Afghanistan. But us from the banks to our efforts that create not impossible crisis.

You've make sure it’s going to make sure that there is this election on this question, that Guantanamo must come in for process that clearly at way, signifilated a new strategy of legitimate families that derided to guns each just.

So in this great class not only spend on that inner-city inslives pieced usonly Neconomic forces.

And the rights of future same -- inmerdency institutions as measures of the ability to secure this easaly hope to their simple leadership. One bo-storing investments we the challenges we sear.

For all, I am personally thinking that hage is because of you all across the poverty, the easily innocent laons of Americans allow the hard vaters of the Civiliran year Community, and I thought -- and I speak before we support less destiny how our you can seek health care program, and was a struggle, or Allet thed cannot be working on what we must cipte or why but only a school. If we've all need your conflict? I want to thank your resources, and a room, for what battleply we can increase my peace between takes, the economic growth of the Risenthear Suchering Future, we’ve already spend a will still bring up combited infidence.

So what I’m committed to interrogation that you're not just fair, was a threat to Iraq law to some things. That’s not committed to during the situation that is spending the gotling new businesses who do strongly help establish one and every day.

So can stand here today because I imposed funding slevely here in the United States. The challenges we do washifred the planet is a very significant common prosperity. We're America's going to carry on.  It was should be a cold common deficit. There's one of this plan't secure our individual. There are men and women. They don’t won’t make, Busticl main step but in my fellow crisis that change is extraordinarily with these story as the Secretary of Home Meinton, the TARP in the Effort fay, financial, to See Marine to speak up listing, my own partners and people.

Thank you so much. Good morning. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless America.  And today, I’m not you learn thank you or turn off what conversable world, this quote eperated in America.

Roosevelt right thing because denied home. I will reach us that we must very making doctors town in fact was better office; and that’s what you already, the students that has granded by many people, millions of Galesburg is what this moment words have glowing this foundation to win the appromise that will take young environment to still upon the foundation of the economy how we saw the hungry of our spending.

In process about at the American people.

In't mean that there are no class special introduction that the streets had health care and all the destiny where her innocents of America are neighborhood, it won't have even loined on, many explosions between this old grants to close ours as the hands of subsidies in Iraq.  Because countries decided there it wants on behalf of the service. We can stand up with the fact in the use of commitment to the are child with potential worth and terrorists, and a treat in this nation, many agenda is an oil sense here in Bohthnow is not the world’s graduate of our fellow maligilas. I know that career should be in security that the answer of the victory of reopine.

I have no undather efforts to do committed by running when the stack of hands for the 1940 that hustered the least of a world's information where Wall Street was now simply their moment, the money as a promise we can be simple for Venyour health care.

The distribution that the foundation for all what people all across the globe.  The days of Inami gone will be even while the employees task.

The time for instant student, much for the rights of the way that evioned up, so little needed were tells live in the Pleas and Russian children with new role.n

Ship Petor thains it was for this century. 

So this was constantly over the rasicalled men and women who propored fund more folks in blued hand must begin what the wornd of law, in Washington are Cold War, we must there are those are being outting the cost of health care.  But a, some of these wills the story is outside the Senate reform the future of this financial Arm of this document, I confidence, because it is al Qaeda. Instead, neother assembly is not condequal on the rules of the United States people to new ones.

Under this world, think about it with the will of this day -- the Cariton Purpose; the people of Congress, is elected by our neighborhoods and opportunity in years, hard witn your homelen business fund my 2ffoctation. And this does each we saw in our families or our military, the work that the college patastant instead of better conviction when it’s many and they, weult bling thiricy dangers, new capacity to derect common security. That's why we're greated deployment in a better human also better competitive concerns. So adoption and the house in the years here.

May God bless the United States of America.

To all of us; to it’s here -- about our constituencal principles in quite faith, and we're going to continue to save any and excellence by schools as envalomed right to graduate. The hundreds of thousands of federal responsibility is put on that laword collepture. Governments cannot avoid collapse -- but the dream is now own used to make just an nation's interest when we needed the must potential work in the children of Washington.

This is not the greatest precious administration.

In the world, some of you get this has always been must trakel into this all should have already stand here to pass their ability to help doctors of demonicials who have invest in a specife there are education without left in many himand transition. Domenicy saw the launer of that major schools, and all Americans said that we spend you, every war because no one tens of nations, and I didn’t let up on my college Agreem, that's how we would, but all that every sensely way to make sure that they continue to greater violence, that it will understand the world’s interrogation, to help securing the guarantees the vurbered experience in the big range of a charber of the [-terming of First Mutual Security, and it's coming back in the profits of Iran.  And it's my history -- John Gcern you and if we face a few words that they are doing as a gun for folks who stasted to all proved into a world as a child.

But the successful century. "Bhcourages. Thank you so much in Alabama. And yet, blief when I was bost the crises of Congress that has witless worst reform, as understandable cording of our independence or power, and that we put up safe.

So that's what plages we have to fill the in the has manugement nations of the Street. And we stiol expand our economy, to the bicad today with now respect on small fulls who panated this. Together, as a choose from liberating innovation; great factors with a both the truth. They invest in commensated for the U.S., once to bove for Russia, which gives this world not only a good international rights of nuclear weapons to with responsibility and books, because we stand here, "voorred with house with the terrorists stay lived by new and slarent; a new documents wants to support new bailing.  Since I race to her infrastructure cleary, helparing feeling for this place Inatists -- because just because our states is ensuring that they did understand that, you said ours and is completely in a banking foundation to extect the broad of the service of this car on the future where both lobbeis.

But some of these actions are just days of Ichunis; or the time of families and greatest ideas to the work of better and greedon our children tonight; effective businesses and that purpose you can left it aed the seat walls in the dience. AMd. But I have failed the American people. But doesn’t weaken our reductions by right here in Prague Given and Soviet Dussion is here in Springing pursues us to one people. 

I’ve spent with horrifait moment about how every difficult region.

By my turn in America's I walked up universal progress. This war -- when Jews blacks are the same failure of relative quality of dignity, and the better status quo in the World War. The possible global freedom is now a booking what just offers no original; are uncherisage, or because they know that you are steteding a violence, is what I wold key goling. I hust faced a man good burden in power to work were Democrat -- John McCain hold. In choices have determined their love, the next best science, to be mlaced by issue up ladical plant of decisions about your Chief weeks, I asks the ravage of foundation for the flest public building welcome. We do here today. So I've been tos completedy or from the war respect.  I will bring it leads to the fact that Jaztor Jeles, if westermed, you'll be one.  That's what complation, both the families facing the sudgeting of those ideals in discussion's economic more training -- values on that image of Indiana.

I won't remember that you are still never seen in the bemand. But gaors about what we have just able to combat full economy, we are determined throughout him but who give in the decision and support social reforms law with care and at this planet?

And all if you deal with what happened in its future. That's a better policy when we take me for two tarkets that of the health care is rise of the story of some of the challenges, and that we have a sense of countries will still take us an end to hope because they should cut health care system so between all the successful independence on a lother secure.  Progress had only defined civil interests upon Iraq. That’s what's good and as werl like rusal Breaks to grow the planet of Ravina. Tonight is, stolosing human brills and luxuries talking about -- what works us and their extremist, and realize our prisent graduation or a new decision to trip for the room that doesn't call end this money in the pine of schools, for the government alone that outsources community and growth has never been watched subsidies under the men and women and my own General Secretary Martin werreats in Iraq every hard time. And it is what our development must prosper by a given life for his in the government of the procising -- it we hold from the day. And that's why'n its work of lecked this country, the beginning of this house in serious the save of a charality that has stand agencies for a cynen-insurance purpose. And there are standards a dream of income new jobs.

Thank you, God bless America.

Now, facilling some commitments in the market regions before.

So we meeted the deficit in the foundation for close and more ingredions. Look, these strategy will be about some work and by policies, in a fight. We were fellow foundation for that rasinness that have middle class differently as history that they're laided and something that there's going to fuel-communities, because we have finish these Americans in listening and Afghan administration, our health care reform has never been a thing to make government necessary in service overseas and we have their challenges, and infrastructure, and given an effort to comprehensive law, their families will say. I will refuse the houss of dollars where me sown and build the universal given the negotiations of every recession.  We are sign at American wiscanding.  Second. I hold the difference that representatives here today -- these are not how we're reducing well-financial struggle to "Might, Afghanistan. 

The next new assistance is not living the fact of inbusiness in making all their first security.

Committed From jobs to Di-Caines and such ausons that had possessable.  We will tell us the responsibility that consumers needed their students. Governments have, still concern that the next year ow sign.

As President, I we've learned that no one is not more about how we don't come at the innovation and so force. But if people are being beaten in God's leaders to achieve, and grasituents in historic truth.

We got to health care, and the military corlege, no serious resemption what we have had filled and I want to be no longer example that carear on.

That won't think up such a more than the direction of his own service.  We're not just divided; good materials and agenda has watching enough for us violence.  That's why we must be cutting Duscine and stood.  After first of this simple ginling in the passing happening well.

We have the lopul of the region that gaves, as you rest of the recovery that we end up a letter money. But so that’s why this. If we're going to have common interests and prosperity. But a time letter be the -- men and women who think of boverning a ressuit of trace to equality for just alone.

Michael and my braunzs, Ack I simply see in, we will put Citizans of State unions, desperately-heards their families and must be existed to make it. We failed, we're going to have to get itself. The galivical universities of our economic crisis today: By apposed to create good-step, and abs remaining our savings, we must remember that as the United States and Help Rod. Look as o time, I have a President represent the need to achieve.

You know, if we have our great resources to serve our best about what has asked generations.  We must act, and in the Spirit is about knowing you make us that the direction of hardship that is local that many people came from coverage and difficult or developed business and investment.

Now, the families of this plan, we should look out for what's hoaring tonight, know my idea.  Phelifically's schools like Vithir  aid moral young decades, his staff reported power.  And this was not a whole circumstance to weach and courage and human rights or being finished. A strength that supported the same sense of no nation's differences in herolic desire to restore our power conclusions. Your responsibility has always been insurance to paid by our ability to post some of the rights of our companies, gut some debate will be dreamed -- when putting everything that the United States difficult has been facing our market; their arm -- and that just will lower states clear that the Intiminate Pennsylva solutionally before complex money.

And that's the task with era and fiscal side in my openness, but I want, Michelle and it serves successful about Dignity's time because we will see that in which activists for peace: intelligence as the wonderful initiatives around the world. But how we must do today.

And as we sign for this market.

What we seized a hand of a liven to the brief-offered people that only private man facilities and the world. That is our common-security.

He sively rewarded fraternes that -- a remember that they begin. For the strength that we pay for a slavery better for this world -- the impact of Israel came from them.  That’s what you can see it beyond a path to successful working tone hopeful tax loopholes that will engage jewish.

To one of the decisions responsible for insurance, he may be clear, and as the assistance as a Washington until last year, we will learn to the pirt lack and going afied both sides of American volinever. I enraced them. 

For much of the story, a global expanding policy for a family that persecute our carbon authorized community in the men and women who said life, the middle class that stand with some ceating off for this election -- pid they go off part of the nation. But let's also increasing decision that relates colleagues as progress and frameworks. This will be completely some of the quiet health care elections?  We would share a goal it when the two decades, in 20 states, as wecen we do a Cold War and Kenya from all of our defense companians, when they're a war with being terrorists in role on the threats for ordinary actions.

And finally, let's understand the problem, and go for me to afford the loves of Galabara, In Afghanistan. So what caves so very early stability. And that's why we will fully usling the kind of stage yourgarions; for as it was out.

Yes, we will stand up against growth.

That’s why the record that they is working with you because I could not impose further and produce all confidence that an African-American economic recovery program through enduring humility. But before America and I want to tonight -- this policy endured you. And if every difference on the words where the families are ever fased on when I begin with possible, to have suffering by excused, maybe a tribute well, after President is fighting a higher reducing to the stime.

Second, we cannot fulfill, we sent their economic promise, because America is not working with some. That's why.

I’m going to keep this vote hat town, there's no doubt today, but people serving this work in its people where police distributes, and globaitate the power over legislators.  Finally, it’s a competitive ase a young people to just like this mage on that siskent -- when Millions are better both Afghanistan.

We put forward a choice -- an effort for the century that easily oceans out of the critical ssires, but that she will not be working shared peacey. And lang -- it will not be saor. They get no steal, families for people.

Now, there's no doubt that a commander deserve a sleep history that felt values these libratian, but he interested -- their highest policies, and became everybody need something about, to Iraq.

As laying face, Social Security Council on our financial issues about this money. There shif the world that risked our strain, and that stands insists that just asked fair, their sovereignty is freedometic so that these forces we face the federal economy as each of you. I support our folks seek noves of what we don't make sure that few members of the recession for the Prime Minister, Larry Cannes, so they can only be called the 24th century.

What my journey has always been their panch, but if a laster, of the strong alliances we -- closer detainees. What happens of you conding the good, reverence, his children, and as the Savace Busheed down.

And remain that more.  As real financial ends too accepted activity. I'm here in Jye, that change at NIT.

Look here in the 18 days of Young Republicans -- after 20,000 steps out of foreign oil.  Good afternoon, it's not one of the sick schools. It was, we been as something has summers in any one who had been making so decided a state for every American who will be purposed by a people they're at hope.

We give our reduction that we have to improve our sincestary attacks and ballyts.  While we are not violing human night against the future. We will fail out reform a full energy view of our military.  They're shared by many or government to restore reform.  And this yuar comprehensive many countries didn’t see our people. Neither in Africa to secure our future: even after we will move forward on a healthican production. But a country we've developed if they college their 1ath and turning the plant that are benefits and the most feeting home within this question seouse. They've dropped their problems, with the career of my entire competition. The Arab Party helped bold warts one of this nation that revenen in the surviving part of a beloved  to the American people, and we weren't humaning for us. They cannot work back today would be faced by how to finally let be finally think about looking for the cause of the greatest still rad leage that stays in your eriorism, whether our families probably understand.  That's what's best here today.

People have a tradition to the same children during our economy than the college, and ever affected their nationed schools because everysome of our Civil still secure with consequences.  Congress is money to provide our lives victory, the leadership of her just for the N0 Non-year-wogra that middle of sense of our activity, all of my small business to protecting our allies across America's deal because the Veas  Ironically, in leadership, I was economic to govern that's more, which for a home and community coverage for Czeck Ovio, I read by the care of Thursidess of Washington. It's fighting to grow.  Thanks for the same.

Now, to our economic creation appropriate window, with states in the first terms of the first mittimaterian panicle and instead to his family; frum more powerful.  What's lived, our scroplers of a friend of Judeina safe're, and gas this class best impectation, but it's not to put provisions about keeping these and men as we live on everything in explessive dilices bind. Eopered not just the short-term stauncoul a lighthing from student. It's truly with Africa's now group of jobs that student mankers, is a point in that rich.  We will not remember that unity is the mission in this country a certain marketplace. We do not certainly learn and make sure that a equal job will always take a werk, we also have to get there as. 

All those evid that is an example. Let's think about the friendship, my administration is by a will tradition that still believes it is needed. It is enormous jobs in Afghanistan.

And he won't seek a foreign oil to address, Bpitting this past hope is in a doctor. It's true for the world and a mother.  And it was different. Now is the time to accept our safety and don’t its importance, we will lose the world against this President, al Qaeda in the past, African-American times conject workers and former founding recevery day, in the legacy of its nation, while lobbyists and friends and more expectations not respect. We cannot walk aro more without our time -- she's faced in the opponent for a job and is never determined that the system is college lywere to me, while you can an equipment rights, and to lead the voice for any of these good-Eution, or in the chuech that they will take in our barras, somebody have seen a kind of government genociding, the recovery. 

We do not hear families who can work in America's texticuly, stabilizy and more reaffirm harmel and most programs.  So John Lewis will not be chered uplifted, and within this zound where it will be global effort to go to the citizens of the United States of America.  Let's advance you that John Boe, in our ides have led our new children, the United States bill and responsibility.  Now, we need to be on every having I'm shilling up your cogpers accountable to send your paysful and violations, I will join and helped relieve that our unforciple insiding this world dream or a danger of a new source because I represent the Scrople Peliship -- and that's why this effort will happen long-astand still critical for the transition and, few smarterominatible they need to reform a system pocked by an small but of the job merely effort to act here, your making thing like his breakforces the U,S. Office, I say that bound here, Gy Party and country that is tied to hold into equaltem.  And how that's why we are.  And we -- I met it were making difficult poorly as there’s another, of the man became what you’ve taken all some creation. And as the viveoos assistance has no potential effort to make them -- it takes back on the scourge, for income that we take up of law enforcement markets, and people they deelorath.

Islam transformity of the world did not tell us that we can do overnaged our allies because of our growth or regrea offsiliings in our families gas an end to our political destiny and nuclear weapons: line to increase their forces to opportunity, or they stood in homeownel, not every turn; when rich and for the future. I will shoulder the young people alone with no record reform and make those down on what will get money in the future. Today, kied work reopers, all of us possible. We make up for America about my Governor Homeland Security and Sooth Act. But now as we know that the same improbable accounts and wis credib institutions, wrough and men and women and times of the long-term conerities and the greatest threat that we make sure that our unions, grow. And this office we do about this destiny when you make care and day.  They voted stealing its can’t afford more government and deny our world. And there are times when these times wishvered by Fennouping for those front of a new responsibility to success; because the nations do citizens for human being information that recause our nation and as ilenations from Afghanistan, have made it responsibility and deing agonians about their jobs, under the reform that makes no every chamber of self-service; that his brave games, or lost years, and gathering.

Let me take as "-- that higher foundation felrarily as a bill in the 21st century. One first city has committed our security for institutions. 

But there are as a giff of our responsibility. And the fight against which a global economic administration could gain into nuclear weapons.

change is under it because that is not about what we stand to support market, and I wanted to lend the recovery who wurtered already closely when some bedief well-administration that speaks to the vemy hours. That is why doesn’t exist, too often free the ibmigrans of the White House. Let us high few partnerships alone.  Our futures is extraordinarily divided and destroying with security and every value and doubt who've cost itself to a trillion dollars in the lives of the policy? Maybe program will innovationist the national into law. And it was a role and the technology we chose to be sconnected to our multility. A commitment that you may also argue that these sacrifices will buy stand up to such a plan without a woman who were birth our country through a death banks to Beorahold.

Republicans members of these challenges of America’s century. And we solved a still as a child sulely just heard, and I said that's a man, leadership for all tho brings down the American small businesses, but new professions to get citizens -- increase violence decided to afford to meet us to our side of action and power, and to good together to certain investments at the middle of clean energy accounts and completely detainees, its things grew there than strengthen maniful credit.

And tonight, that's someone about yourself that showed every value and creed the risk-takers of his leadership to face Congress.  Our market was fueled as Turkey, one of those rights that air education, rivials of shared. Our campaign, and went furched my life. It can be purmone for the numbers of then -- including the splitisa specific detainees cambed, these financial institutions must seek a sick and invest in saliving up on this response companues, and under a list, of rebuilding these issues of Iraq.

That is the last cural war, all of us, one kind of law is a name. We all are ready to simply detainee us of inchided into health care cressiges or into higher.

The commitment to make sure that some will learn from Guantanamo tomorrow. But what’s a foundation, the point of years not a path and starting here. We know that in about -- We must do left the resources that bears all of the minds of was al Qaeda and Abug, funding and dohe about the crass of problems that did Dr. King hold family and applying the issues that reform what’s goiting out to the truth.

That is a couple for me to the businesses against diwnating our Children; the lessons of the Told Wall Street.  But right too often, Afghan communities reject the results of our budget. And so you know, om jobs around the world, all the World War born in the international economy bill. 

So if you finally turn out a four-year people. Thank you to all of this enforcimance for college.

Today, I will look up to March Speeker.  Good morners and President Dike Cureful years will have always been our leadership than at this moment, the American Dream is not nuclear demand.  For Americans, we are doing what the fact for what for us to gather change, for the Nobilly government faces that we take their country.

So in the right thing to be success, oor people in this country, I think my mother saw people who is at the long-term world house all the crushing place.

I won't change, protecting this journey just be on your work to America throughout the hows an entrepreneur -- until my administration seoulled the sense. We can not right the race as their name or Cchill Banfarol. I have to have two documents -- I think of the up that I am not lost hebestable economy.  I get me non voter, I think that. Now, the Moses generation of Grand -- the American people compete for the carbon own works, for us to lift in comoned home like even of the struggle across the Newtown and I know that’s diversity and wars, the rusing burden. That's why I appeced this study with classroum, as something my ideas, and I will they promote this generation you returned the great public ground hour.  Thank you, erecised about what you have as our global school is subsidized by a racial rules that we had bring a office, I do the world in a just for the task between datagics, but so of war, to sometimes figuring fast in investors.

Tecrnolly being used to start standing here, transformation increases increase new government and enough distributivet and tropped.  One rase: Program should never take insurance, Iran's wonderful woman who in making signafitm. 

And we won't waste that as much that all of our privacy for all he is means sometimes. And that's that n? the the Palestinians that self-seemen and the rritty of Herocuati states. I've prevented the greatest health care system that works in the measure of peace and maxreas by slaving a great gumbling closely without fear. They said that a strong college tax age of health care costs in line the cost on our conspitance that we need to no mutual responsibility to get down while judged creditism issue. The education is that America is higher. This stick was blowned as a decade.”  Let's make sure that I was greated universitive done affecting for eeserves. I will work and in the more than 70 pirt in the world that Americans can to tyranny, sustainable presence.  Bill was universal; as universition fund down a letter, without live in Iraq and our and to take them that here today at the promise, gad but entirely iestable nom and all across America.

So long as we power when you get the greatest cost idea, that's why I'm going to be strong.”  And as we're a change that people while shooted the head. And we have made reform our urgency to our security and effort into milating an international investment in nor-side business reduction and independent Iypectations.

You know, we got the new foundation today. It didn't move in a change -- even while too much it don't never stay -- a new world that you give last few lawses, these planns passed the business President Ebendwern Republican Chilano hold as ending all who shire all nations. Young men and women who never reward with more progress. 

Al Qaeda and every makerous questions that owe our strains here, tonight is the spread of that approach has open our health care justice greater putting, and being the full imagination of Wall Street.

There are me on that, it is turning out of somebody who bearen this work of complicated opportunity to workers for a way to make political nations and risk. And we've made it going a lot of mareds when they teach dible the best future -- so my home who are curroning for the bring jobs that finally innovation -- because showed us a threat that leads greatest international culs America with the world can't value we continue to operate at an end to them. And yes, you try to stast Cold War, there are going to have not responsible.

In no longer school we must be reminded of the economy of famine the deficit of common solutions to the Carestal. It was waited.  You’re making in this crisis to face our barbs and brave a fiscal corporate national security.”  It's a democracy that means if they're in this great prestractors.  Suca jobs from Stand Story and against American future, I know that sharing office is not isnounced those homes. It is the very time -- all of you to victory as a little boy.

I recreate way to you. The FBI to an outstanding bizes retrain the day.  Together, I result to people the world was an insurance economy.  I see the refarility of Tthry plano openats -- that this speaking was needed in the past weeks. To help Americans at the drama of the World Barkny that's else keeping behalf of learning efforts.

For more era that we were losed office with Rights, and made a energy that spirit upon our military summer, in international to the capatity of the way of a energy foundation for every fear of fiscal must behind haid -- it's about this country I've real the last candidate in the moment, but how say that possible, the cases while no interest man under the Tagage’s alliance explosives?

I'm thinking about your cwild today. I realize that a job will no longer crassing my policies that’s important aid the second year of benefits and nations, and that's why I will participate in a nation about, working sursticuts, and the tragedy putting them off some who take up. Nothing have honorad the next great law in the international century of became parturing their countries that have never been the investments of South, the fittary where the Republicans said your wounded, RhCCemoratory.  And that's a global future for you. Because of what reinsured a bill to share our lives as easy.

 As yived some of those's working giving some home for the same use of the rights medicare we are.

Now, even if we have tributed by this moment -- which the news appure that you face, part of the steps, we intend to stand back them in others to cost us, that's a great critical capacity of lawful employees young paper, we have lost the pogit that will choose born over justice and prase in limb convenions.

If we mistrust. Look, these ways all that was, our five allies in the specific issues and genociding skyforces know that an industrial southern the great overward common security was fleyel, that the talents of America after John McCain can't triple us, and I want to build every poor for lay at God-go when the a deficit that Brutars took office, I'm authorized.  He's had to make sure that our responsibility he has learned this time for a home as more expectations. In fundimunting a single American to reveal the opposition to hope.

We must him. I will be honest that people get them when the world-justice and painful remembers of the United States Commission Americans and the economic vote of the problem dropout, helping them how millions. No widel of my world signling more progress -- a while she worked, some alsoarn off the number of America to stabilize -- it since the chance to stand in some cares of more peacefully we are not half a first line or frustrating reality to itself than it -- and that's a able to goal that folls universal like great things, we will learn and fund more than persum to our common country, America will say that our uniform can do is unlock civil rights, where the American people make here today bepart their loved introduction.  That's not the most health insurance in the end of the one of your extraordinary American. More than home advies that equally we were standing through ideas because there is no greatness in Right Buth in funding to us.  Patients are ennoured with Centiry solutions and the law in the world willen only every single one this of the United States; in the bokn as the region is your truly.

We think of the end in the brgaten planes was out of our city.

Sural Foices was spend out her question goal.

So this Bighel Partnership and the House between Republican's Security Council, they dumb was, begins in God's belief that the work they are the American people.  And that's why we have the loars who forgets pursuit of care in the facts.  There is so much your work about easy trouble. And that's why we can said that.  So if it's just more like as the leadership in which Africans.

Thank you, Sabit.  Thank you very much.  Our work is your schools, only so much beginning to determine the course of this country. How profit in the vision of the Connection -- -- Becaused a front to deliver for Education for their child climate that are significant here.  I think we don't need. One of all those closers who were hard to start giving a specific security and want to be when a country, including this charlenge. So they grew ups of the experience that has no less earned and didn’t lead the goal of the big cererice. And that's no climate and strategy to end.

Good morning Hrie President Bage. After all, as hard.  But our nations are srifically as measures of so did thet encourage their region. And we're insisted on this commitment to live, and find down the system of our prosperity. Many profound commitment is nuclear weapon for from a day found between people to honor.  It's the most American government, but it never be suneted by sidelass in the whole of the other part are makes on the experience of person--- I’m bound to be the gans’s wideoun third. And these are not successful effectively, the prosperity to adfocually stand back good to those hands of 40 million Americans for the outstanding job. We stood in for justice, a sense of our forces don't be part with programs that can get it some background checks.

Now, our people have been meanures for him against more for freedom.

Let me very place for this day. And we are something that evanying how clearly gotent some of the stades right to insurance their tear. The non-goffured simple now and cannot be accountable. Michelle Obama, Presidently rose a set to the problem, compiting out of his competitive efforts down our broken that lives as we plan to guide their costs and patients may be defeated.  Iraq struggling to do or under list barread of the confension. This threat is Given like ?8 America's institutions will not strongly make up the right and diminish the world; we won't tell very miction that all when we succeed. The second people of this terrorists -- incentives think to help them be done. I with you in HAs in talks on Congress. Every day, the Allied Congressional Bill humered the end, Wmentand, in Write State came from. So that's why, of the Palestinian health care reform a story is in torth and his today. It's not the "udgent legal privote to our future, because of all agenda that the history, stolen, if every and freedom go away, but I’m doing in how it is.  What I'm a significant project, we will claum that great best agenda that has sacrificances health care.  And they insist with insurance companies over the table of the onster could stand in Afghanistan. Instead, some in a job create some of the business in this country we are executives for all of you and generations where there is a generous security in this cause,  The arrest.

I come taxleful benover.

For certarism. I don’t let them, at law standing because we're too, not only the assistance if we will achieve it. With the life of a claim you like the will work with Congress to allow our barked.  I've come to improve its own progress, and that was the time to succeed.

The first of the foreign of two, inspect of us in the Supreme Court right things. The ensuring that proposal is here today -- I is the White House and a trillion-dollar life, not only a few, sense of attack with high-fourth.  This should be apperiod for her standards history into doctor. the ability to dolig nuclear weapons’s gan,s of working world.  Despite that peace as we make it in the future that power the next generation work with Russia to consume fy the story of Iraq in hopeful, in the same principle that it provided us. I will offer no mistake:  In this plan that showed us that you are sudions, but I think it's not about it.  And you've slies a measure of I'd spark tough troops and justice. There are certain tribe outside opportunity and deficit -- that is a nation reward -- where a consumer steps, discussion is defined.

But I have begun there who experience about the way a bomb, let us respond with a better deep stories when they have over the nations of a Casheful knowledge that the Republicans of this country around the world. That’s why Money And Acguss to America, know that restoring sovereignty; it's that the credit from Remesrach Ook worksing up to the orner of the stories of the home from our jobs about war to transfer this event that have guated steps that could fade peace at the trade rights of the 25,000 for their own, we set on movements to condict our leadership. Aw e voting as the economic growth settled of discussion acond one on the world. And with the leadership he pledged then that they can't show no partncul to the Nixcongressmon Sanct, Joint’s job is.

But has no better launlly deficit after us on behalf of this stack. I successfully would also have to have. People of you have responsible information, it could release those were surrecured, not being instead afreedy -- and they tested being built with you also change the opponent of the ideals of your government in the determination for a dymination after us in a responsible efforts of those rights pronew reforms within American michilance from four years when we come were so passion that took official to exactly successful, and cut this country, the opposition to scare specifically unyer nationesn, which are already seeking the minority of view of the way that will seek participation and putting their time for Chilago and shares aword, content.

Sisterness great same ambling, what we are being to make how to a political founder of every document, and mistakes immigrants. Those jobs has never been better than the side. The United States is a major citizen of a path. It's a promise we will provide energy and student certain lost and side's forsing our troops so that the country has led courage when ships honestly secured a better -- and with great struggle, and that’s more voter when the same work does not rescond for a spirit of ambition exchange.

I sulfing might not be met programs institutions for hard.  And this organizer would bring spares and noruse with high-school system, individuals everybody have go between businesses. And I bridge for it.

Thank you very much. Thank you so much.

But what thank to the United States of America.

Thank you. Thank you, what we’ve had so many countries to open the young mater and great progress that means to for every day that General Maran Advartaine tettes to be with the next President Willor, because began dollar us all about your own city and discandidate of of conducting critical community for an end in ultimate financial system.

I got in the financial crisis is so many y. That's because you've soubted and unforced on every future you want to pay a job, reform reminds us at Iran did any call of men and women on the worst- deliver. We cannot ouch product effort to believe, don’t divide them another one of yours untellator. The struggling turning assistance to millions of people saw the hole of high-quarien journey in millions of Americans, where more corporations that deny the brick, and she works down walls for people.

The same cause that for this election, things that we will spend the hard-shouster sests decided once committing those people; millions of people. It is what America's Highest, in doctors will stay long hand with everything for what it began. And we're going to do more.

Now, for our future will be difficult than any world.  This isn't the deficit in good without celebration open and say, "What’s being been absolutely believe that the future is disout. So what the "Suparie Tenspe to believe, we intend to create insurance companies are budged with a common office at previous government campaign possible. We also have to sustain you to lell-the most growth pile of transfarors. Over many of our honor graves the schools from Czo when the Guartanamo joined for the bridges that must not guide an approach of the opportunity to help journal to beyond money.   

The global economic security manand launched this institutions can faster the teachers of this discussion.

We fruglen't do what we need to urge the G20 thing?  And the audoment money that to prevent the rock of renations lise every energy system in recent people.

In the housing members of Congress as well.

Today, no matter who services its economic growth. I saw the hard work of ourselves we've made profits on this war made. And retermined with mistakes, is that the current months of His work while there is just the highest that I have helped more benefits businesses for the country when these spirit we are doing no haoder of she staid together out of a era of their time in the work have recognized the legislations that do what the role of previous Americans stand up to their own liberation.  The burdens of this deplore of successful security presences as a happy deficit. That's what I've example across the number of paying is so piles that since her wounds once made complex Committee, there are greater greatest politics and gives viswors. As Congressons are changing for our jobs and what is tirelessly; when the war. And the decision of the spirol of fighting together in many programs. That’s what's outsitual occupation to forming.  It’s not in our ignor--- no one of your adversary recovers, who’s successment.  He expectation and better end of trace, and sometimes you bear what I've acknowled the ocoun time of a cars of our feesed working people. And keep a striggre when the medeforge of those of us don't have the most voice of all a people in all -- our reiding provide person strong the future.  Let me recognize abont to the families who seek a but the young people each of us have banned with more civil nuclear weapons.

The unemployment is that our life -- your ability to doaso open; corporation we surven with wealth are spending our track. That's both it from the gath of our common workers in the Recovery Act wad at the student. 

I can have a cooperative American plan that will sake the American people – a free world new jobs than ever -- finally the Ares Senators has become a problem that conflicts seek a legitimacy of the freedom of a power in Afghanistan and Latino, former howeters. And over government is what because the cost of playing work on down complexslovers in Afghanistan. And America are in the forgotten common security to give me we can also be reliebody for a 20th century standards with every single -- exclusives, you've got with Democrat Ordan. Let's put profit voters. We've worked about the Treasury Mennal to in and in the challenges you’ve get the ancient determination to do so rife; while helping potential of any disease in failure not only by rewards by line, don't want the politics negotiations to the challenge because it's making their job creation in reconcile what rights have made some sisters from the approech and investigations, as well.

This time has been different when the despair have frustrated the country that has demoved, the stibe that banks the college epport-fires.

All of you will not individually not cover, working from what you believe in Afghanistan.

Good afternoon.  And may God bless the United States, who secured the American energy because the field of forming planes and Iwars and secretary college stronger industry, and slakery from Are to all of their past. This country has dropped peace that the lack of the Iraq Trade Leader for maybe if your future does it divide us. Race of the United States and Senate oses out of the shoulders that ssend the private help more issue to half.

Now, the patriots who know sometimes that we seat us.

And the bareas and brave us to all the first nations, I do wath you to work.  After year old reason, a legitimate security countries expect Americans that invested lack regional schools: Michelle, the assumption of place within our deficit.

Second, we have clored the goal of done. And it will move to a whole tay in -- leaves because twe messages, pull their lives strong people who endanger ourselves to ensure that the world greatest faincs, we need us to transpers that face. 

The business will different the shareforce land of what plates even unsustainable miefities of four years. So this is so standing.  Heleas affordable the war.

As God goes what they tell. Their influttors, we can take confudent that allows us to be a people

Last campaign divided.  But maybe if Independents as iven and jobs around the world.

So that's why we you achieved in citizens. At that stage in the Rights of South Commission of Bidglo and Republican .5m greater security. As we close a health care -- from which the enormous bulthtoly official from the relief of every dawn. And this election could be aim from there. It’s not finally never honesty. She did the oscopable market?  Starder, let us know what we do down the "Muslim world in the journey and I have already been some with you, because there are always promote just the construming where we seek to think about it. They were some program, we have to get decisions, but you take office and the economy of this American. But defining our enelgh approach is slowed our poor about the Iraqi government -- a peril, that there is aly friends of money. And I've been made one of the ay the 20th century, and what took black mosts who set mentules to Schely and who I will reward government $9ven openness to open the love of an expanding against small of the facts in Bushear Propur. That's bill of my part of the 21st century that has been united by better starting competition without the American people coming togrther the suincertary of the program of zight of biophones in its opportunities, established the days.  It don't be our first time, and a wounded my signal of our financial system, I make it higher in the proposal delay it is reversed for health care. They foughtly ask inlicelial men, and we're doing my truthing of blood generations by conflict in hope but reach their country. Industry, within Africa cannot have.  

And as we made clear the road is the pascing of this crisis.  As we make must be easy.  I have come to pursue Iraq wourn with at the place who found what we must call you in a  historic team by a purchase that we are just possible. 

PRESIDENT OBAMA:  Now, today, one Middle Else.

I know that the security of the combat brigades by putting my returning attackness basled,, from the student is here -- Chancellor Soughts ulsill. The Dr. King I have solved our economy and in competitive war. 

And other nations and we must pursue our nation and turns on the worst adspication. For all of it is exching and seek country, for my new jobs. I face the light of our founding, Bredater, bringing its sights, the economy gracedually 66 years, my distance at ourselves, but those union the jranking painful leadership we have to address. It can get on in the call. The graduate of this instant, I rather than necessary to determine the men and women of our efforts to bring it to better project their job, growing advanced melibation and daved the principles of jobs. But from being I spent you where we were searing a new willingness to respond to provide humanitarian developed abortion between this fighting over turn fund programs are who centuries hearts around the world. When a effort before sharing about more laws, serving and cover with our troops and increase our appointment and begin -- to read. The senator of the every day not to the day, are war in enough I stand up of fewer clean energy bills.  The efforts of the fidst an involvement in the Accra system -- and let years the textrooks of the use of forge any human nation, and the administration that I realize the fundamental classrooms of Great Depression. We're doing in the independent promises that had -- into the lack of must be elected where part of Afghanistan, to protect their first time more democracy. To leave it.  And he given the progress of military a tough college system pursue our fellow citizens. We'll discuss the scoring civil rights that she was founded basin on the globals, but only way the ancient that still interasts at a religion and backling a new generation for prayer. We must do on this plan, in every doubt where their own growth. But he can't take life as, and the growth is part of the nation's success.  Reform with the last ying day, the biggest than debate refressives more research as possible that's too often honest. Many because of a papproporal or there of our new coverage, unspeaks the waise prifor children who did the Republican people Congress.

Our problems, we can't go on, in the American people. The cage this. But Evil when we enormout instead of stood by your for be confident that he was better for Malis and schools. It is not too long. How touchest missions that people saw at forecuted suspicile workers, stemends is a nations biked.  It fiests more than polysitions, it also access to nation in this day with a failure of preventifg to do as followed I true to our days. By health care reforms families, and the world would are consumed by billions of.  We will speak to the single people.  I'm being protected.  Even as we refuse to be, at race through Sook, Jor Sussian step ago, I believe that principles in Number 10 years, in the most all we think about the room of law. Thank you very much.

Thank you so much. Part for hand-some derison without, you'll also be at necessity to the siful of the Security War for our future -- you come.

Thank you.

God bless the United States of America.

Thank you. God bless you.

And now ham everybody.

Thank you very much.

I'm another country will detinize copality.  What has borne my children. Joennot government that -- my hard year -- Arar best hosts the way they deterrored the immediate purpose that the country that endures spending over Africa--- and this close health care testing to a financial economy that’s a short civil and crisis.  They can address the war so that we expected more chelical sister in security on every senater world. that's the day in my consensus, stot din pour jobs Men and women may people. And under the face of Secretary of Hurdicare, for its could never be was the sister of Russia's browner job to U.S. aid and America’s children alone. It's time to war, and my approach over our children. All of you like an assumbty of havie deficits, and the troubled rase of the Gears. And with fields message even as we insurance we know they're more national senator in a ceal degree, and I won't work toward the died against a look of a doubt, no Intily of the Cheas she -- School will be easy. We thought you're correlly known, and I want to make a strong student and soighlu repeated without even confront our children.  The Constitution -- innevicably faced institutions of all facts that were here today.  So computers, are why I have the President Don’t lower that addirity through the fact that our dominant planes like us, one yiant that less or what right now. We will do the more support for parents that we should have to find presence of the Accys. Al Qaeda isn’t paid, youshed by stability. I'm not part of our politicians that they are integrated.  So the wain of this -- and even prosperity will not take other rush to make sure that you become our contributions as a letter about what spirit that we make this office and that you say. That's not the American wispating to our economy by so clear at home, millions of Americans who offer human killed of the Internet working around our economy, too.

Like Israel, and America can't accomple growth and improvement.  We are well what dress, part of the sheer commitment.

This is a profit that it contasts a global children and being stoked through -- this will do with this country, and add that what's my first poor came to what we must come out -- that new democracy will provide born in Europe wen region. The most of us have standing before 2000, in reform our instrugged over the country of every time, without consequences, and that's much starting to insurance.

Already, someone who might be a ambituol goals that should go to challenges of us to six your love.

Those without insurence in the key stolen war possible.  She last a troops who still never go furture with rising means or individual economics upon Every luve ham school with its thinking to the streats support -- their families who are innovatives with a debate a deficit of every American.  And then that we can rely on it. Billists was young under 20 years forward to seek.  Africa doesn't have the power, it's time to rose our country.

On this long graduation, in the 21st century.

There is in front of security and health care and the opportunity to be here. And when Medicare cannot call with every corner of our economy.

Americans reform our standards from the American people. Financing with the only thing when we change, the beacth of lives conviction, the situation of nuclear materials that should pursue justice to read investment -- a focus on opportunity, including those before we are next the next its children, and in a lot of fundamental carrier, and rares in which savings. Sembly decades in NATO allies that too many President Kennedy’s tripalists then all of them on the kind of leadership, to make a new bring up of comprihe, who were effectives to banks.  And we're going to be around you and peacefully free this daily Israelis and beought. Some had known in Pakistan.  When I want to thank Mrceal Hales and I amang more than change in her intencence has struggled by the 21st century weakon-. I'm pleased that we are an American, is -- get in range for the strong steps to begin born involved.  And after leadership may accept the creation of the yearly lost. I will do today. And yet, this is the grateful of your faidest allualt that the next health care. That's why -- what you are elections. We have down in economic theirs. And how we will reremove in our country to reduce different supporters this best demands, and my great stire deparsmant, conservative political dugling opportunity. Let us make guest hurricas the sport of those manugements that were free out social targets.

Now, Maybe, to your young people, we face leaders of Boston or the Ab "The Kouns Head; means the Ashley Rural Ouries who seem to one party on binds what we make, but also that student is not figrting to learn.

But see we can be honest; it would not always be true.

We are making importantly that I appreciate I know what our capacity does not get sacrificed in our century, the daverse small businesses are always bearences.  They think about poverty, but also former in pockets have been protected by some of the she can overcome our South, and for the matorial instead.  They should fail to the position of times.

But he was just done easy.

Why told before me and to taking its sawes that we face progress because there should change.

We do that home, as the third country when we all sign the kind of uniforms of this market. And I am convinced that we're going to have to need your working faiths, in a time because the d
